fix relative paths in tests , attempt 1
changes get_class ( ) to disallow null being a valid parameter , as that behaviour is highly astonishing .
oneclasssvm n_support _ returns incorrect value
refactor typecheckfunctionbodyrequest to return the type - checked body , and remove typecheckabstractfunctionbody in favor of a method on abstractfunctiondecl .
use " typing.list " and specify generic parameters
reduces checkstyle errors for patterns : api - gateway lazy - loading leader - election changes involved java docs reordering imports indentations line length issues
issue : # 13336 primarily this fixes the handling of the - s ( -- static - dir ) flag for windows users .
added some questions and answers in the filehandle and oop perl topics .
new features others this pr added basic support for ' return ' grammar in dy2stat .
[ xbmc ] application : handle resize event even in full screen state on windows .
updated typings to match vimeo 's player.js v2 .6.3 , updated tests to reflect new methods , properties , and events
add debug _ * constants in place of the hardcoded values .
fix document for index.md and distinctive - features.md
add and fix line - styles
add msgtraceenable config in transaction producer benchmark
[ bug ] d3 - ease omitted easing function parameterizations
this adds support for setting docker_graphdriver and docker_execdriver to select the graph driver and the execution driver for the cli integration tests .
make yaml includes such as !
this is an implementation of eap - tls protocol for the ppp stack .
added value error for divide by zero caused by zero variance in all features .
adjust the related tolua files from external / lua / tolua to cocos / scripting / lua - bindings / manual / tolua and update the project configure
move links files into own folder , start regex link provider
add support for window.devicepixelratio in canvas renderer
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
move some ptyprocessready usage inside proc manager
improve importability of angular - websocket
make parenthesis optional for named expressions used with while statement .
current implementation of 429 handling was totally flawed ( many mistakes on promise usage , like resolving + rejection of the same promise , creating promise and throwing it away , 429 retry within 429 retry , etc. ) .
allow to switch between ct and e2e seamlessly
set threshold to 1e - 5
this finishes the implementation of -- window to also accept a string as the " name " of the window .
added program for swap cases in string folder
added version resources and manifest .
add spaces before newlines in rustdocs
related issue : # 22267 i converted all * utils files in the examples to esmodules to allow for tree - shaking .
commit message : to prevent long event loop when too many udp packets are in the queue , limit how many packets to read in each event loop .
bump nfs - server - provisioner version
[ docs ] minor edits to data frame transform apis
adding support for other ptz move modes .
set num_cpus to zero for controller and proxy
fix @atom / notify 's binary path when running within atom 's asar archive
added set which does exist (
change simpleauction does less computing for each bid by retaining the more - relevant auctionend instead of auctionstart .
do n't check for callbacks in recursive call that resulted from callbacks
update the chinese electron mirror url - this should avoid the " china mirror does not have a v prepended to the electron version in the url " problem .
fix totals and extremes for delayed replica .
add examples for mxnet with horovod
fix win32 js project crash issue : 445442c
fix all yamllint warnings in yaml file sin the repo .
sound / usb : add device quirks for a4tech fhd 1080p webcams
genericvalue : fix comparison of ( ui | i ) nt64 numbers
fix test , shuffle , nodemanager graceful shutdown
was " where foo in ( 1 ) or foo is null " before
adding investments to the product array
add rss and cache memory stats for containers .
add uimanager.getconstantsforviewmanager as expected by rn 58
bug fixes apis cherrypick from # 34156
merge 4848 - new - example - format into tech / overhaul - ui
previously it was not possible to jit hf 's modeloutput .
[ mongoose ] add missing overwrite option to interface queryfindoneandupdateoptions
added relay ports to lcn lights platform
unified androidgraphics class for activity , fragment , and daydream ;
skywalking provides browser ui , cli and graphql ways to support extensions .
do n't use the eventlistener fork for modern www builds
windows explorer will show when you type explorer.exe .
fix : conditionally send back cert challenges with challenge list
adding tests , examples , ard predict_std
refactor xgboost.scala to avoid multiple changes when adding params
always enable soft - deletes when opening iw
add 2019 acura ilx to readme.md
fix for unstable formatting involving unwrapping multiple parentheses
add optional scope to sfdc oauth login params .
check for the packagemanagement capability for caller apps .
updated to reflect the relationship between label and input elements
[ serialization ] pull decl deserialization out to a helper class
fix bugs and implment tests for name auction , fix # 3189
update the correct metric in the controllerquotamanager when the quota is updated .
fix the issue that nodeos continues to accept transactions after the flight queue size exceeds the maximum flight bytes
tell cmake which python to use when building arrow .
- press m to toggle flow mark
this pr adds a handful of server rendering unit tests .
this removes " old " post-process uniforms and samplers .
always append element to fixture in scrollspy unit tests
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
backends base get_many pass ready_states arg
allow media keys in milk via
[ docs ] update tooling integration for more babel 6
provide a mechanism to create a secure client channel
sil : silfunctiontypes do n't allow generic signatures where all parameters are concrete
this is to add a plugin for fakerjs as requested in # 1199 the name of the plugin is gatsby - source - faker usage of the plugin is described in the readme of the plugin itself and there is an example site with the usage shown .
fix ddpg optimizer and add td3
this pr adds open method to the deserializationschema and serializationschema .
do n't lazy - load already - loaded image in csr
bug : calling at [ ] on a series with a single - level multiindex returns a series , not a scalar
use doubleidweakmap for | rendererfunctions |
make to_tensor copy if data is varbase
this pr adds a new pipeline to ci for testing builds under cuda 11.0 .
add typedef for unshiftcontainer ( ) and pushcontainer ( ) .
prevent identtoloaderrequest to return 2 objects with different shapes
adds cli for rendering mermaid files
adds backticks to cases of n_samples ( also n_features , n_components ) in a docstring that do n't have them : n_samples - > n_samples .
support " passthrough " in featureunion
fix minor typo on pagination documentation
description : use previously stored brightness when turning on light .
wip : move data over for more languages
[ csdiag ] always find and set correct declaration context for sub-expression type - check
gui : add precision support to tofloatstring and todoublestring
this is a slightly premature first cut of the rama u80 - a implementation .
fix lof , birch , mixtures
deferred loading for jumpto / forcepixels
handwired / arrow_pad : layout macro and keymap refactor layout macros moved from the keymaps to arrow_pad.h .
tst : use pytest for some already - parametrized tests .
this fixes tooltips for scatter and bubble charts .
pass test metadata in via an environment variable .
fix error in test case parameterization
epe - 1551 add test cases for cleos new option -- abi - file that was added in pr # 10821 to specify one or more local abi files for cleos for serialzation / deserialization offline , which does n't require nodeos rpc endpoint .
add script for gluon to benchmark more cnn models .
prevents logic bugs where kscopedschedulerlock { kernel } ; is written instead of : kscopedschedulerlock lock { kernel } ; from slipping through silently .
add batch put and get , and async put and get
enable sandbox for issue reporter and process explorer ( fix # 101834 )
temperature.cpp : add pid conditional integration on heated bed .
clickhousedocs - 511 : removed obsolete settings .
sqlite3.cache and sqlite3.node types now implements gc protocol
use route for prerender manifest path
adds a new long running multi-node release test for distributed training and testing .
summary of changes : added some explanatory text around concepts ( mostly in the intro ) that i thought needed a bit more context .
revert " revert " unify boringssl submodules and use non-developer boringssl cmake build " "
checklist for the pandas documentation sprint ( ignore this if you are doing an unrelated pr ) : pr title is " doc : update the docstring " the validation script passes : scripts/validate_docstrings.py <your-function-or-method> the pep8 style check passes : git diff upstream / master - u -- " * .
this pr extracts common logic from codepushcore and moves it to codepushbasecore that could be used as parent class for all codepush platforms implementations .
[ @types / qlik - engineapi ] extend definition of interface igenericobjectlayout
reduces checkstyle errors for patterns : dao data - bus data - locality data - mapper data - transfer - object decorator changes involved java docs reordering imports indentations line length issues
force curly braces for one - line control elements ( eg.
add some bitmap images to our zipfldr shell extenson .
fix memory leaks appearing when cvopenfilestorage throws
improve ( buble ) : prefer use " sourcemap " type from official package , instead of manually defining it
changed wrapped function to always report done = true before terminating
adds links to flax colabs did you read the contributor guideline , was this discussed / approved via a github issue or the forum ?
fixing bc for question answering with long context .
change due to security concerns , this change disables local manifest files by default .
use build type set in .
description : quick version push of lupupy to 0.0.17 .
complete the update to libmpdec - 2.5.1 .
replace large if - elif - else blocks with a dict - dispatcher
rewrite left and right functions to corresponding substring calls # 3712
chore : remove chinese , hinit , and italian
do n't save zip on ia32
text editing menu color is still not correct : # 41507 .
do nt pass iloc to convert_scalar_indexer
this ensures that we write a short log message to the journal whenever we forcibly kill processes remaining in a scope or service after execstop = or the clean signal sending completed .
add ja and translate key feature
this provides the ability to specify s3 timeouts via environment variables , as requested in # 15868 .
the strategy employed here was to essentially change code we generate from % s = alloca % s ; potentially smaller than argument , but never larger % 1 = bitcast % s * % s to { i64 , i64 } * store { i64 , i64 } % 0 , { i64 , i64 } * % 1 , align 4 to % 1 = alloca { i64 , i64 } ; the copy of argument itself store { i64 , i64 } % 0 , { i64 , i64 } * % 1 , align 4 % s = bitcast { i64 , i64 } * % 1 to % s * ; potentially truncate by casting to a pointer of smaller type .
:( fix unclaimed user name for " insanejournal " .
handle both formats of pin codes
[ art ] adds clearart to cguilistitem
train_logger in config , default consolelogger in loggers catalogue
converted the guidelines / logo page to theme - ui .
use actionlistener instead of channel for replica response handler
fix lint error for debian contrib
detect and diagnose invalid uses of trailing closures - either passed to a parameter which does n't support that or extraneous e.g.
adding missing documentation for many apis
this pullrequest fix build break .
implement websocket clean close detection .
fixed mypy errors in aws / sensors
fix exports for react - icons lib to comply with commonjs
optimize crf decoding with avx / avx2 instruction
description this pr migrates the doc 's app bar page to hooks .
fixing workflow badge to point to the master branch and not forks with pr .
this transitions liballoc to rust 2018 edition and applies relevant idiom lints .
use ' in keyof ' for useparam generics
bug fix new feature provided improve performance
fix infra graph for s3 notifications and add test
ensure hidden windows do n't have focused webcontents
wrong " too many indexers " error message when indexing a series with multiindex
bootstrap reboot 4.x css contains duplicate text - decoration style for abbr [ title ]
add test for issue - 30904
the initial bottom panel size on small screens was too big changed the initial value of the bottom panel size to be dynamic to the screen .
move to using string_view for args and log search request
updates the colors for the docs code snippets when using a dark color scheme .
make redisrequestbase be member of redisrequest
there is a bug in current watermark accounting that headers and trailers are not counted .
related to when command error message and ping " dummy " result json is published from cmndping ( ) , and there is a rule on ping result , json gets broken as per the example below .
using next.js router instead of custom history api
this pull request adds basic documentation for the searchable snapshots rest apis .
add dockerfile.dev for building a standard develop environment
exclude path entries with msbuild.exe to fix node - gyp on windows
revert " naming model refactor "
adds features and method with docstrings update user guide whats new add tests this pr adds the method format_index so that the typical format routines can also be applied to display the index labels and columns headers of a styler .
exclude / proc / and / sys / from the monitored filesystems
apiv3 : isolating documents from tests ( not allowing clashes of calculated identifiers )
add batchsize and offset to batch publication
this came about as a requirement for converting dataframe.to_html into styler.to_html , citing @jorisvandenbossche in favour of the functionality .
gmmk / pro : split ansi and iso pcbs into different revisions , properly support rgb
move the runtime error to multi_core interface
see title the caching font data mechanics allows have vertices with negative x coordinate .
add support for the new nook_magic
use inherited value , ' false ' , from its base class object3d .
hi guys , here is a new pr for the plugin approach .
import languages from esm build .
fixes manual mesh bed leveling process ; each point will start from z - height of previous points .
this pr updates the interactive link styles for the management link options on the / manage page .
doc : recommend out - of - source build
fix negatesignatures to not duplicate last byte of s
uninstall old ray in all release test app configs
tuya : fix setoption20 for oittm / moes
this way there is no need for the user to download any spacy model .
move additional code / methods into baseviewer and have the extending classes override / extend methods as necessary
fix : do n't schedule effects when render phase updates are n't committed
we only really care about the glibc api , but we probably should only use the official parts , wherever possible .
stop using shared_ptr for the rejected - stats set ; the way it 's structured , this is not necessary .
feature : allow create public namespace in many formats
changing it from a generic " bad request " to 431 ( request header fields too large ) moving the existing h2 integration test to integration.cc and adding http / 1.1 coverage .
add missing fields and run autoformatter
fixing led pins to accurately use the pro micro leds
center remote icon in extension editor
have a ready to go buffer of demo orgs
this pr replaces the image links with images hosted in the repo .
add failing test for suspense layout semantics
add a -- unchanged topical file to display those files
internal render : kestrel web server implementation in asp.net core configure certificate authentication in asp.net core
fix prometheus usage of kubectl proxy
corrects the first iconbutton sample , adds a raisedbutton sample .
move editor removal specs to workspace
here are the proposed changes to improve seo .
fixed # 2728 , moved geometry primitives out of src / core into src / math .
fixed typings on touch ripple classes
add visual studio 2017 static link libs of openssl and zlib to src / buildfiles / library / vs2017 .
new features apis paddle new apis : put_along_axis .
add default injection comment to help for overriding
remove native contract actions types from built - in types
add carb foodtype , absorptiontime to reports
[ clickhousedocs ] translate custom http handlers with prepared queries ( # 126 )
custom threadpool in java 8 parallel streams
fix an error when help for an option is blank
this fixes build issues with the 32 - bit risc - v port .
run mvn clean test - compile failsafe : integration - test to make sure integration - test pass .
added maven package setup instructions as an alternative to intellij .
dist transpiler add control dependency var between send and recv
feat ( gatsby - recipes ) : show elapsed timer when apply steps after 10 seconds
fix name range of wildcard names in walktodeclpre
minor formatting changes to progressreader .
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
build cran r - package on azure with every commit and attach to releases
updated buildkite yaml to match release/1.7.x branch
gui : make loop conditional instruction , fixes # 2366
description : allow - l warn to configure log level , and sanity check arg value .
add fail info for mkldnn fc
remove util methods from cli / resources.rs
redis - server binds to 0.0.0.0
[ fix ] : corrects typo in english i18n.json file
this pr enables debugging with vscode 's ptvsd on a local docker setup .
remove unused magic key definitions from keyboard - level config.h , i - k
/ configure make and there are zero warnings when cc is clang on netbsd .
this consistently improves dev performance in chrome .
this adds support for a virtual serial usb device .
added top level ' tutorial ' section added a 2 images to help illustrate tutorial ran through the tutorial and made small edits for clarity
temporary fix to update the verionsioning of 1.1.0 that is skipped during build process
this change moves all test files from the .
updating the office - js with addin api and office - js - preview with the acoffice.actions.associate api .
i ran clang scan - build on code derived from src/buffer.c and am upstreaming a couple of fixes .
the readme file for the ergodox ez section suggested creating a pull - request to add our custom firmware , so i thought i 'd give it a go .
allow private and protected class members to be accessible in nested classes
remove unnecessary permissions that are not possible in java 9
[ fix ] doc : remove warning block quote ends without a blank line
currently , using st.empty ( ) ( or st.cache / st.spinner , which use st.empty internally ) will break static sharing because of recent changes to the frontend .
run mvn clean install - dskipits to make sure unit - test pass .
[ flink - 23864 ] [ docs ] add flink - connector - pulsar module to flink - docs , auto generate the config document .
fix minor typo in downloaderhandlers comment
d3.geo.stream incorrectly treated geometrycollection as a higher - level object type , rather than a geometry type as specified in the geojson spec .
conflicts : luck of read error handling in 5.0 branch .
addresses # 20308 this pr ensures radiusneighborsclassifier is compatible with numpydoc .
this fixes golint failures under test / e2e / upgrades / ... .
webidl binder : define properties with js accessors ( # 7298 )
so i add the client side support .
specify arm cd armpl include path ( # 20364 )
the application crashes when you try to open the discussions list
get vector functionality + unit test
fixes a typeerror when deleting a task result with s3 backend .
nestedscrollview + tabbar + selectabletext : unexpected behaviour when scrolling
this pr fixes a number of alerts reported by lgtm.com ( @lgtmhq ) .
button " enable auto - completion in data filter text " in preferences / dbeaver / editors / dataeditor / presentation adding org.jkiss.dbeaver.ui.editors.data in german , russian localized
unit & integration tests for runtime_env scheduler blocking
fix and improvements to the backend documentation
i have added pkg.go.dev link to the repo and to my pull request .
this now supports caching of the data returned by the members - api
use test utility to parse timestamps
this continues the port of the java comparison tool to python .
add buildid to the path of dynamic chunks .
linear_assignment can now be imported from scipy # 13464 removed the use of sklearn.utils.linear_assignment _ and _ hungarian and replaced it with scipy.optimize.linear_sum_assignment tweaked test case for _ hungarian so that it works with scipy.optimize.linear_sum_assignment more info can be found here # 13464
notes : fixed using custom v8 snapshots on apple silicon .
test examples for pep8 compliance .
add test case for # 9053
[ youtubedl ] rework how the format spec is processed
github / workflows / plugins - test.yaml
feat ( ui ) : add browserslist
engine : fix a bug when encoding a job environment to json
propose unified rev - parse api
aura : add color chooser dialog
angular - google - analytics : fix typo in extended interface
this work does the following : removes the banner add for typeform - based font awesome survey reinstates all other fonticons / black tie banner ads changes references in code and content from " fonticons " to " fort awesome " updates color combinations for fort awesome ( using fa 's off - black ) and black tie banner ads note : the survey page ( reviewers ui , fed , and content - @davegandy
differentiate ansible vs ansible - core docsites via theme / color changes
some handling for service messages to still function .
python.d logger : ignore encoding errors in unicode
ak : add formatters for floating point numbers .
remove magic numbers from mnist_cnn.py ( re : # 469 )
bpo - 25277 : add a watchdog to test_eintr
[ explorer ] [ shell32 ] add workaround for buggy window creation
refactor docker bazel rules and tag docker images
add test code for lod_tensor.py as an example , modify test_word2vec.py to show how to use the lod_tensor.py module in book examples .
texture_cache : use pixel format conversion when supported by the runtime
add ' command authorization failed ' to stderr regex list
instead of specialized locking and sleeping blocking strategies , allow using any waitstrategy as a fallback blocking strategy .
fix map height in extending example
[ nextcloud ] add owners file for further contribution
this add support for the emulated dogm through spi : spi_graphical_tft .
samsung keyboard crash / freeze when dismissing and reopening keyboard
implement notary - based digest lookup in the client when
resolve error on obj copy and narrow obj search types
backport of # 63713 and # 53286 yum
fix ( types ) : fix tests
short description ( up to few sentences ) : fixed " no message received " error when interacting with postgresql odbc driver through tls connection .
added setviewoffset to camera for multi-monitor displays .
create an ata cache per patch version of ts
made option.config argument optional as per yeoman documentation
refactoring and implementing one code style for imports in react - reconciler package
this pr changes the implementations to compress and decompress in memory .
fill in tests/fixtures/emails/alert.txt with test output
* update to latest react & livescript
as of now , bad word ids are not checked when added to the configuration / passed as inputs to the generate method .
see react redux | custom hooks and the source code ( each file contains a createsomething function which is typed in this package .
added request agents introduced in newman 5.1.0 .
fix : handle no user request
[ code - completion ] add type context for single - expression functions
add unit tests from diffblue deeptest for fastjson.parser.jsonscanner
make importmeta.url compatible w / whatwg spec and @types / node typedef
update the cpumanager to error out if an invalid policy is given
pot file in the repo to allow weblate to import it .
change all resx files to windows line - break type
added line width truncation option - w
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
add - p arg to rasm2
this pr begins the work on cuda deivce api .
removing that input type designation to allow for negative values on all devices .
update definitions to support react - big - calendar event object properties
on certain os x filesystems mtime is rounded to 1sec , to make sure the test also passes on these machines i changed the sleep to 1 sec , i 've also done this in # 881 , but that 's a rather big change , with this one i hope it gets merged faster as some people might get issues with this ( in my case this test always fails )
show ' enable / disable ' system messages on edit room
ci : disable auto - cancel for master branch
consolidating some bug fixes and improvements to the world api .
add bar colours for focused _ ( workspace | statusline | separator )
add definitions for redux - persist
ensure rating sort modes are available inside sets
it supports sampling ratio and aligned roialign .
backports # 8598 to v1.0.x and add objective - c tests cc : @makdharma @hsaliak
this pr improves batched inference for wav2vec2 models by : adding an attention_mask adding zero - mean unit - variance normalization to the tokenizer correctly setting returning attention_mask and doing normalization depending on which architecture is used background some of fairseq 's wav2vec2 models apply group normalization over the time axis in the feature extractor .
set allow_none = true for charfields with null = true
hide tinyxml2 from user visible header .
change foscam python library to pyfoscam , which is more up to date and has several critical bug fixes .
support mutable default values in extensions
added a note about the known issue between phantomjs and node 0.10.x
add 3 - point leveling to corner bed leveling
timestamp comparisons for object arrays , closes # 15183
fixes issue spotted here the classes are being blocked for root , but forwarded on other slot .
a new batch of fixes to be able to build some c++ tests on windows .
replace delay with while loop in wificlient.ino
update doc for v1 .1.6 update spring boot version to 1.5.9 add spring boot actuator endpoints support
add support for different display currencies in coinmarkercap sensor .
translates content - tracing - ko.md remove outdated comments about remote buffer in browser - window.md fix typos and improve grammer in tutorials at ko translations
handle outdir and declrationdir correctly to generate output file names for the tsbuild
this pull request contains simple lossless and simple lossy webp file support with the help of libwebp .
description : implements powerlevelcontroller for variable fan entities .
merge remote - tracking branch ' upstream / master '
this replaces some of the pyint * macros in npy_3kcompat with their definitions .
use grid alignment for keycodes and macro arguments
weixin - app : use covariant event type
this pr adds unit tests for wire and xcontent serialization of remaining intervalssourceprovider implementations .
c++ worker will generate a template project , we need to ignore the generated files by c++ worker .
added : permissions , can_set_sticker_set , and sticker_set_name
index - time analyzers are currently specified on the mappedfieldtype .
extract core 2 session configurations to environment
handle bad schedules that cause issue # 27768
add lead dev edits to privacy feature explainer : doc
the immutable mode assumes that the output of react is a persistent tree , not mutations on a mutable dom tree .
fixup abort handling of dvdplayer when it 's using internal input streams
revert " disable a text field test that fails on some macs with libtxt ( # 14895 ) "
docker : avoid chown of .
getting dups removed from list if lnk exists
add method to flatten all multi-index levels
adeled / react - paginate # 334 adeled / react-paginate@aef9d19
fixed corner case for failures and added debug logging .
issue # 2521 : capture event of controlbutton in ccb for jsb .
fixed issue # 434 : default initial hidden state for recurrent layers
migrate changes in compiled css to sass source
qa : treat mininode p2p exceptions as fatal
add common preprocessing for each request in node manager three parts are included in preprocessing , logging , checking heartbeat and checking being killed .
swagger - codegen - plugin for maven run code generator define titles for swagger inline schema objects so generated code use understandable names
core : support netns joining also for sockets created by .
detailed description / documentation draft : - resample combinator determines number of intervals ( and size of nested aggregate function states array ) based on parameters .
travis.yml , and enable travis on all branchs
implement various traits ( iterbytes and extra 's encodable and decodable ) for rc when t alreay implements the trait .
adds string - to - int and int - to - string methods to enums
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
references # 21088 update : arxiv : update docstrings to use consistent naming of : arxiv : links .
the graph extent mechanism is not good .
move a handful of tests from renderer to main runner .
adds revision parameter to release job
this pr adds links to my article about using antd - scss - theme - plugin to the chinese and english versions of customize - theme .
additionally , attempted machine translation of french docs .
closes # 16028 closes # 16045 this pr provides a way to make predictions with categoricalnb with data that contains categories that were not observed in the training data .
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
add tests and refactor sdk to fx wrapper
added my personal hhkb - based layout for the dz60 .
[ test ] spider middleware : catch exceptions right after the spider callback
send rst_stream when received smaller payload than content - length header
update types in parser.ts and scanner.ts
js synchronous start , better persistent fs sync .
added checksum annotations to restart pods on configuration changes bumped superset version to 0.28.1
added type set_option docstring in config.py
add via support for duckboard r2
revert regex 's to earlier state before eslint changes and match any character in urls
flutter stable 2.5.0 framework scheduled cherrypicks cherrypick devtools version issues : # 89320 commit : 870f5e8 roll engine cherrypicks from : flutter / engine # 28496
add handlepress back to touchable * onkeyup
core / cmd_print : remove redundant code from " pd " command
code example for article " introduction to quartz "
tst : final commit fixing bare pytest raises
enforce strong typing in update , updatein , without
fix port forwarding for windows under docker
simple validation for partition id before drop partition
this enables running the built - in js component tests for list .
[ move - function ] convert movekillscopyableaddressesobjectchecker.visitor to be a local variable instead of a field .
updated library to use commonjs style imports
[ td - 10952 ] <test> : renew testcases for opentstb - telnet - protocol with taosc
fix typo , the method not only for get port
docapi - 6206 : odbc engine and table function .
bug - account for names when concating series on axis 1
- allow mapper functions when defining style properties
this is a large refactor of our string methods .
isolate multi-thread support from ' multiplereader ' , making it an independent decorated reader ( threadedreader ) .
migration for the pivot table visualization render updated pivot table make editor settings work clean up old code add tests review changes and manual test --
livechat : include website url in email sent when agents are offline
add courses from kaggle and a few screencasts in brazilian portuguese it has some good skills to be developed within the channels / platforms that are being submitted .
validate git parsed version and rc branch match
hello this pr will fix the shown zoffset value in tune and prepare menu .
wallpapers api to create environment libgdx is designed to .
mono : some stacktrace to stackinfo [ ] fixes
implemented interpolation for affine transformations ( matrix32 : : interpolate_with )
[ puya ] lower puya flash buffer to 1 page ( 256 b )
forcing translations of lazy translatable strings in field to_native method
change _ debug coverage a bit
allow " : " and " - " characters in phing tasks .
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
fix : allow zero - argument usage of ember.isblank , .
looks like there 's an issue setting up the middleman server on windows ( " connection actively refused " ) on tests that are run after test_valid_actor_state , mark as flaky for now i 've run scripts / format.sh to lint the changes in this pr .
fix a few of the javadoc compiler warnings in jenkins core .
enable tests on python 3 for uri
added test for the html5 progressbar element .
display filament sensor data on 20x4 lcd
use array prototype instead of creating instance
fix debug draw of scaled arcade body
save - analysis : nest tables when processing impl items
update gatsby - on - linux.md
reset ot protocol internal state on handshake
stubs notifymountaddoncontent , notifyunmountaddoncontent and checkaddoncontentmountstatus used by animal crossing : new horizons v2 .0.0 dlc
fix a crash in availability checking of defer bodies
add eperm to list of immediate exit error codes
adds option for prometheus compatible metric exports in all pods under the mongodb - replicaset chart fixes some broken tls chart functionality and allows the metrics exporter to use tls options which issue this pr fixes ( optional , in fixes # <issue number> ( , fixes # <issue_number> , ... ) format , will close that issue when pr gets merged ) : fixes # first pr into kubernetes / charts
add no - negcache flag to kube - dns
make editsession specs match vim style word behavior
extended loadimagecallback with metadata argument .
update api / flowcontrol / v1alpha1 to have correct group and version
any time a new table is added to osquery for windows that contains auto - executing items , the kautoexectablemappings can be updated to include entries from that table in this one .
cube / char_bigrams : fix some memory leaks
a bunch of small code optimizations and trying to reduce header dependencies by using forward declarations .
x ] delete mounted indices after in searchable snapshots yaml tests
keep guard files in order to restore lost but empty directories we had with svn .
sum ( ) in # 31422 : missing categories return a sum of nan when they should return a sum of 0 .
rename leftovers from data frame transforms to transforms
revert " revert " fix -- force - upgrade script ; upgrade to the latest package versions ( # 12700 ) " ( # 12729 ) "
docs : update the certificate apis
add a file_identifier that i forgot to include use t.finishtbuffer ( ) for each class instead of flatbuffersbuilder.finish ( ) .
this is basically the contents of our old web build target .
added role to the fa image / button
[ @types / leaflet - routing - machine ] fixed " text " type in iinstruction interface .
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
avoid using % # v for errors when using only a portion of the object
fix long - running tests given restrict_action_to_self protocol feature changes
this pr sets up a common project for preview pane powertoy .
issue : # 542 # 549 # 739 description : implement use_container_width in charts and deprecate height and width properties with a warning
pr intends to add support for higher order gradient for logp1 , expm1 , square .
fix for the bytea / binary nil value bug
[ old output ] : no words for sample data .
added ngram_range validation for countvectorizer and hashingvectorizer fit / transform funcs
+ forgotten keycode ( firefox )
gpu : implemented the z24s8 depth format and load the depth framebuffer .
rnw implementation of tooltips causes text truncation
implement 32f support for morphology operation
add test for custom settings in users.xml
added support for home and end keys in menulist
stash : do n't allow apply with staged changes
update line sample to change the entire data object
bug fixes apis added type and value checks for parameter " shape " in static graph , when passing " shape " to function " fill_constant ( ) " .
this moves the rollup cleanup code for http tests from the high level rest client into the test framework and then entirely removes the rollup cleanup code for http tests that lived in x-pack .
service / dap : filter goroutines
changed tests messages to indicate string
do not check untitled workspace files
this applies similar fixes to those in # 5133 to the rest of the ui forms after # 5133 and this pr are merged , all ui forms in the project should now open in qt creator / designer and resave without any entries being shuffled around or clobbered before this change , the changed qwidgets in the form files are not properly shown in qt creator , only their associated layouts are displayed and their qwidget properties are not accessible or shown .
make the note an optional for improved instructions
use const ref args in probe_pt
replace assert_raises * by pytest.raise in model_selection / tests / test_split
[ airflow - 6430 ] - add tests for patch_table method
add missing validation functions to definition and tests .
rename interface and class for task assigner based on suitable pattern .
removed old declaration for extensions only according to the docs
add multiline and raw strings to toml .
add rest api endpoints to list members in a channel
adjusts inline text state presentation for a11y
adding a link to the search options article
this commit series essentially brings back dvb channel switching .
unify @iycheng and @architkulkarni 's prs to use common code for parsing runtime_env .
this cl will add the ability to add a bottom to the search bar .
description : this pr adds basic support for hue lightgroups .
use identifier 's span in unused lint
super minor tweaks to some icons ( removing shadow outside of the colored areas , according to icon guidelines ) adding the missing files for mouse highlighter and find my mouse to installer file linked issue : # 14702 communication : i 've discussed this with core contributors in the issue .
[ flink - 10678 ] disabled log checking in tests that fail jobs on purpose
add tests for superblocks and blocks
add test for issue - 44153
add a test for materialized ( distributed ( ) ) with join and group by
this pr fixes a few of the issues with the latest update to the sandbox .
actually fixing a quic stream limit issue .
noticed while working on # 14400 that the optional catch - all handling was missing in namedregex .
added network response checks to all curl http calls and all git clone calls .
during gsoc i extended smartplaylist rules to support implicit oring within a single rule and field .
also rename extra_exported_runtime_methods to exported_runtime_methods as the " extra _ " is no longer needed .
fixed technical typo in plot_weighted_samples.py fixed a typo that said " class weights " when it meant " sample weights " which is an important technical difference .
added config for phantom solder all layout via only
do not mutate alpha in the render target ( useful for transparent render targets ) .
[ sdk ] fix circularity issues with overlay shim headers .
[ stable / grafana ] add env values for download dashboard images
fix ( challenges ) : update challenge text and assertion test
bug : read multi-index column csv with index_col = false borks
minor cleanup of box3 class + no longer modifying input parameter in clamppoint .
increase timeout in windows , we 're seeing tests failing randomly and others close to default 5 sec .
defterm window will not accept command palette * commandline mode * commands
reorganize match construction to be o ( n ) instead of o ( n ^ 2 ) .
make { u , } int_range functions a bit nicer
add a command to format json files
this one takes care of all the remaining methods that made use of the @_with_element decorator .
refactoring : merge symbol argument with sym_gen in feedforward
fixes # 6731 - add test case for ruleschemametadata
adds shared module support for writing modules that work with cisco nexus devices over nxapi
expose runtime feature detection in the public c api and in the python api
this adds support for several features of chromium 's logging system that were previously not exposed in electron .
kafka - 6739 : when down - converting from v2 to v0 / v1 , broker must ignore any header present in the record .
@wojtek - t re : load failures
improve typing of ' bind ' method on function types
extend s3 unit tests and fix regex that distinguishes between host and path based bucket references # 4254
[ bxacodec ] - get rid of the now obsolete bxacodec
add invert tool to build commands
consolidated extra property check with intersections
updated jquery.cookie.d.ts to conform to the latest version of jquery.cookie ( 1.4.1 ) .
remove the same flag from the build bazel test rule .
allow calc ( ) to specify a distance in the rasi format .
only get sound mode list / current sound mode on main_zone
handle turn_on situation when no color is set
avoid crashes when flyouts ca n't be shown yet
pass in number of initial workers into raylet command
description : update upstream library to 0.10.7 adds hmip - miob the two main switches can be controlled ( implemented ) the two digital input channels can not be read due to missing value in upstream lib the analog output can not be controlled ( range of 0 - 10v ) ( not implemented , could be implemented in a follow up pr ) pull request in home - assistant.io with documentation ( if applicable ) : home - assistant / home - assistant.io # 9190 checklist : local tests pass with tox .
providing a sql file to add stored procedure to mysql database .
optimize composite aggregation by index sorting
also fix the error case to handle cleanup for scheduled shutdown .
the calculator should accept exponential numbers without sign in scientific mode
add test to parse_multipart_form_data ( ) when missing headers
add incref to heap - allocated type objects
use headermap reverse iteration to find cookies
restore unit testing for the staging repos
do not store password if ldap_login_fallback is off
many small grammatical and stylistic changes
decode more jpegs using the browser if possible .
use arbitrary relative path in * mergetree
add a note about preferences behaviour on ios .
this pr updates the - addnode and - maxconnections config options and the addnode rpc help docs with this information .
add gatsby - plugin - lodash
added bounds payload to tray clicked event
remove duplicate code in abstractconfig.java to make brief and clean remove code classutils.isprimitive ( method1.getreturntype ( ) ) in abstractconfig.java at line 653 classutils.isprimitive ( method1.getreturntype ( ) ) is already judge in method methodutils.isgetter follow this checklist to help us incorporate your contribution quickly and easily : make sure there is a github_issue field for the change ( usually before you start working on it ) .
clean up various integration tests that referenced the integration_config .
add tests files for new aead ciphers
add magic symbols for concurrency .
breaking changes rename circle to circular and rect to rectangular for consistency .
description : when the target sonarr service is not available during setup , set the sensors to unavailable .
added tooltips for the ramping form in the ui .
thank you for contributing to kubernetes / charts .
bash_profile outside of the ci system
langinfo : fix : remove global object usage from non-static function
enable traffic director time tracer ( # 26111 )
use stdout / - err for all messages in html5 platform
stash tests : ensure we save the workdir file
longer - term , do we want to use numpy 's new behavior ?
layername buttons will grow / shrink to fill layer panel width .
validate - modules sanity test now validates removal version numbers ( similar to version_added validation ) , checks that removal collection versions are major releases , and not minor or patch releases , and checks that version_added collection versions are not patch releases : error : plugins / modules / cloud / docker / docker_container .
pegasus hoof : layout macro refactor
[ dompurify ] publicly expose dompurify 's interfaces and event names via the dompurify namespace .
adds support for running eager tf policies .
fix ndarray assignment issue with basic index
remove virtual node service and service instance source generation .
add port attribute in configcenterconfig 2 .
make a new macro since react_struct can not be used for nested struct
from final can be used not only with collapsingmergetree
re-enabled all polling engines for lb tests
change endpoint from todo to todoitems
teach flutter_tools how to use mdns to find the ios observatory port
automatically generate cxa_find_matching_catch handlers , avoid hardcoding a limit .
the await for syntax seems to trick the command runner into thinking the task has n't finished yet fixes # 24261
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes : <
cmake : build target libraries together with the stdlib
silencing some warnings ( visual studio 2015 )
this pass consists of the following passes inside : : extract bright pass mip map blur pass combine pass
improve clarity of the local option to formhelper #form_with and the configuration option that controls its implicit default .
platform : the parse and tostring methods are not maybe present , they are definitely present .
[ docs ] add margin between vertical slider examples ( 17215 )
disableuseractivity on mediatechcontroller and player .
backport # 13603 to 3 -0-x .
create react app is setting some default build infrastructure for react apps .
thresholding : change the window and tile size parameters to relative numbers
editors - first cut view state support for side by side editors
undo changes to whitespacing ( pt.
dispatch to series ops in _ combine_match_columns
: memo : use flat badges where possible
packaging : bump go.d.plugin version to v0 .29.0
remove both the active cluster and warming cluster if cds response told so .
add missing xcode 6.1 and swift 1.1 release notes
headers unneeded usings files need blank line at bottom fixed double returns returns after braces stylecop is commented out but still in the csproj 's pr checklist applies to # 5295 cla signed .
allow charts to be searched with browser control - f
make arugments optional and add -- dict argument
primary key and mergetreeindexfulltext support for string functions
this pr implements support for threads and cluster into redis - benchmark .
introduces a new series of node settings xpack.security.authc.domains .
enhance support for bilibili videos in responsive video helper , and add corresponding doc
skip test for recursionerror on pyston , since it disables recursion checking
add mathutils to desktop jni bindings
updates and formatting to azure scripts .
add variant zigbee ( # 196 )
increase the version number in the header if appropriate .
added tests for using default when default is callable .
rewrite apache , nginx and phpfpm plugins to use wrappers on chart creation
bump chart version for gate fix
this is a port of # 5605 for the 11.3 branch passing system test on branch builder
the onnx page is currently broken due to some name changes .
berttokenizer with bertjapanesetokenizer pretrained model generates unintended tokenization .
translate command - line client interface to farsi
update scan_interval and interval_seconds max to 1 day vs. 60 seconds
fix debug bar not showing all cpus on android
closes # 242 removed redundant checks for null , when it will already be handled by calling ' delete '
cleanup of ppo , appo , and dd - ppo code ( equivalent to previous pg one ) : add type annotations .
added tests for calculating release adoption in sessions mode
added brooks patton to contributors for new relic
this should tidy up the javadoc generation and the hystrix - contrib project .
this memoize shadowcreatepagepath in actions.createpage to avoid rerunning it for same inputs .
add a geoshape field to the scripting fields api
add test to run 500 nodes 10k actors .
msa - 786 : encored technologies : smart energy service
the shortcut cmd + u or ctrl + u is used to delete the content of current cursor back to the start of line , not always delete the whole line
some additions for mixdowns and ability encode from json string .
build the default list of mime - types from that of nginx , using
fixes a long - standing issue with dynamic bitrate where the rtmp output
added a documentation tutorial ( with graphics ) on profiling the performance of a basic ray example using python time , python cprofile , line_profiler ( a third - party profiler ) , and the ray timeline web ui .
fix initial blank screen on macos mojave ( except splash ) .
remove plasma store executable & never used tests
[ name lookup ] add a staging flag for astscope - based name lookup .
release mybatis 3.4.2 upgrade to 3.5.1 mybatis - spring 1.3.0 upgrade to 2.0.1 hibernate 4.3.11 .
drop host header as well , so that header copying can be as simple as the prev .
adapt readme to the new functionality
allow cookies on all requests to support running netdata behind an authentication web server
add infer storage for sparse slice operator
updating the test to check for all set items
update selectrowprops interface bgcolor property and some comas to semicolons .
issue : # 2537 implemented support in a11y - addon for delayed rendering of components by adding a " re-run tests " button within the panel .
this pr implements native filter and cross filter api simplification efforts introduced in apache - superset / superset - ui # 1040 and apache - superset / superset - ui # 1053 .
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes : v4 .7.0 v4 .7.1 v4 .7.2 yaireo / tagify@7d7f683 yaireo / tagify@cd611a9
create 2 pvc for master and slave components and update slave deployment to statefulset
update lfahda_mfc : add 2022 hyundai santa fe
update types to match version 2.6.8
this pr backports the following prs to 1.28 : xds : fix duplicate lds update detection gracefully switch xds policy instances when cluster name changes .
update ses transport types to match current nodemailer
in case of a new cheat sheet , you have used the cheat sheet template .
matrix refactor : rename keymap to layout_numpad_4x4
deprecate running date histogram on booleans
add docstring note about dense weight initializer
updated google - libphonenumber utils function with formatoutofcountrycallingnumber that was missing
also consistently named conns to relationships throughout the file , added myself as an author and clarified a couple of comments .
add falling back to fetch based pinging when failing to connect
fix race condition during close window by making sure " unmountapplicationcomponentatroottag " is called after detaching the root view .
add the old menu back for native menus
bugs relating to underscore - prefixed identifiers in the process .
merge remote - tracking branch ' remotes / upstream / master '
enable docker socket and service on fedora
fix for face4 raymesh ( raytriangle typo ) .
use -- current flag for kubectl kcn alias
i tried to come up with examples that are somewhat real - world , not too complicated and that showcases some of prettier 's strengths .
split results into restricted and unrestricted settings for fairer comparisons .
addresses # 2711 enables the hc - dark theme on all platforms .
this adds platform dependent checks to lower the buffer sizes on android to use less memory .
correct negative sampling for wav2vec2forpretraining .
allow apps to create direct messages
[ stable / mongodb - replicaset ] fix failure to join replica set
what did you implement : the docs link to cognito user pool triggers aws documentation is only a guide on the incoming events and does n't contain the actual trigger names .
pep 8 compliance cleanups for python.d modules with names starting with d , e , f , g , and h. relevant : # 4167
this pr adds tests with the sanitizers run by cran on package submissions .
adds support for ssm parameter resolution for cloudformation .
mrdoob / three.js dev into lowfab / three.js dev
allow debug plugins to modify pid / tid on select ## debug
summary added the op batch_normalization in the numpy backend .
add interval notation for include_boundaries parameter for the function check_scalar
[ android ] re-enable gnutls in ffmpeg
remove compatibility module from actioncontroller , either by cleaning up code that is going to be deprecated in 3.2 , or by moving code to their right places inside actioncontroller modules .
add an idea of cluster workers versus all workers on a node .
when using flow - offloading with [ luci - app - pptp - server ] installed , [ luci - app - pptp - server ] rules will forward all the traffic which the protocol name includes ppp , which means pppoe traffic also will be forwarded .
new keyboard tgr 910 ce ( note this is different than the 910 ) with via keymap added in .
force system indices to be hidden in indexmetadata
the patch fixed the errors when using bash and cmder is installed under a directory with spaces in the path , e.g.
[ constraint graph ] use adjacency info for constraint gathering .
this pr finishes to clean up some old references to sphinx in the setup or makefile and updates the contributing guide / docs readme to explain to users how to build the docs with our new tool or how to write them .
fixes two small bugs : fix platform import on linux using python3 $ mitmproxy - t -- host mitmproxy : transparent mode not supported on this platform .
[ docs ] flatbutton - revert linkbutton example , and document linkbutton & href props
update malyan lcd to use mserial on stm32f1 , and try to prevent use of non-mserial ports .
add header and main landmarks to blog starter
update bullet source to 2.82 rev2704
dvdplayer : move canseek / canpause to seekable interface
basedaemon : change terminate signal to sigterm .
show only static inherited members when writing static member
pot ( po templates ) from markdown doc
our eventual goal is to completely remove unboundgenerictype .
this is a series of updates to the tokenizer and tokenizer docs in order to sync the docs and the current tokenizer implementation .
documentation is necessary for all features that affect user experience in any way .
travis use latest platformio v. 4.2 .
corrects errors in the qmk configurator implementation , and enables community layout support .
extract interaction constraints from split evaluator .
separate shadow bounds update from update
use image from existing container for recreation if not specified .
update compression levels for large inputs
refactoring no if relevant , link to documentation update : n / a summary rename variables from async to future proof names no other information based on review feedback from # 3166
add logging of control plane identifier
add test for documented loader extension approach
times in ewm groupby : sort times in according to grouping ; add missing support for times in numba implementation ; fix bug in cython implementation
fix google assistant request sync service call
replace shardrouting argument in abstractsearchasyncaction #onfirstphaseresult with more contained string nodeid
add more info in block trace & transaction trace .
new server session monitor for sau ( simultaneously active users ) , which will provide important informations for dau ( active daily users ) and mau ( monthly active users ) .
bug : styler render trimming does not work with ` hide_columns `
reduces checkstyle errors for patterns : naked - objects null - object object - mother object - pool observer queue - load - leveling changes involved java docs reordering imports indentations line length issues
this pr transforms the slots inside the slider as standalone styled components .
this pr : integrates zero - infinity revamps the configuration process , instead of the confusing to users sometimes - we - override - values , sometimes - we - do n't - all values are now explicit unless they are set to auto , then and only then the trainer will set them to the correct or recommended values .
beggining audio and some grammar :
[ jsonserialization ] compact output for empty objects and arrays
sema : check for duplicate parameter and generic parameter names when parser lookup is off
uploaded files had wrong download links when the deploy had a sub directory .
fixed token span in pattern matcher example
revert " units : make systemd - repart.service installable "
fix packaged python paths for windows
do nt run full check every time we decrypt wallet .
make test runnable as script and from framework
refactor rewrite - test logic to support one case supports multi database dialects modify rewrite test case
add namespace support for kafka reporter plugin
add option to timedretrypolicy to log original error
it 's and alternative fix for jenkins - 35206 .
description : this pr adds a shutdown method to the apilistener and calls it where appropriate during server termination .
add the expression for the dot engine
update minor version to 2 by request
enh : allow non-consolidation in constructors
bugfix in tsconfig.json - non-existing compiler option .
added comments to api endpoint methods
cli templates : ember = > module format
support pausing amqp consumption when producer is paused .
dirs for categorical and range index tests
handle circular mapped type instantiations for arrays and tuples
these give the correct results using the native api in firefoxaurora and opera 12.14 and give the correct results using normal feature detection in chrome .
via - supporting keymaps for both solder and hotswap think6 .5 pcbs .
this change separates the signal handling trigger in the eval loop from the " pending calls " machinery .
initial copy of incidental tests .
jsm : added module and ts file for gyroscope .
search for memory size diff in bytes for concurrent dictionary with value imagesource .
use padding in the pixel left calculation
[ brightcove ] add support for brightcove in page embed ( fixes # 6824 )
cache invalidation when recompiling a module
add a reference to multiple - h options , and update the other example of - h option
[ light.tradfri ] support for pytradfri version supporting full white spectrum
establish module state convert types to heap types and add them to module state add multi-phase init support
we added support for dutch to spacy .
this pr changes the boolean reducer depending on the desired negation ( i.e.
allow mismatch href and as when manually provided
added " fileupload " settings group
adjustment to report qsv availability in mask form
added create and follow api .
fixed reopenablerotatingfileoutputstream to work on windows
carry of pr # 20902 allow the docker daemon to run inside a user namespaced parent process .
in order to maintain a cleaner commit history , i made a new branch and will be closing the other pr .
better error message for assertion ' _ state._widget == null ' :
move pch files into a pch subfolder .
add uild.ps1 and update tests & docs
spotinst - reformatting docs to be more readable
fix the caffe2ncnn bug that " depthwiseconvolution " loss group num param
add minimal version of in repository mandatory feature flags .
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes :
change implemented schema validation using valijson added manifest schemas for preview and v1 manifests changed manifest object model to better reflect v1 manifests changed manifestlocalization to be std : : map based for easier future locale processing implemented merge logic for multiple file manifests validation existing tests and added new tests validated all 3000 + manifests currently in winget - pkgs passed manifest validation note : after this change , we might need to revisit and relax restrictions in some of v1 manifest schemas as i found around 300 + manifests in current winget - pkgs will fail in new restrictions imposed by v1 manifest schemas microsoft reviewers : open in codeflow
document how to add session middleware back
while streaming from obs on an unstable connection , i have found instances where obs will hang until it is force quit .
add a threshold of 5000 - > test plan run the test suite closing issues work on # 16493
silgen : support vtable thunks for ' modify ' accessors
add a new symbolic function broadcast_tensors ( ) to support exporting torch.broadcast_tensors ( ) function .
small improvement , adjusted checkinterval , changed icons , removed some comments
testing : to test : check - out this branch and build on vs2019 launch terminal , and open settings .
add export support for new - line separated json
add large tensor support to optimizers and 1 activation function hard_sigmoid adam_update ftml_update mp_sgd_mom_update mp_sgd_update rmsprop_update rmspropalex_update sgd_mom_update sgd_update signsgd_update signum_update nagmom mp_nagmom lamb mp_lamb ftrl adagrad please feel free to remove inapplicable items for your pr .
offscreen render , mouse and keyboard event sending functionality using the content api .
addresses part of # 12927 and part of # 9250 this pr renames file.py into _ file.py in the sklearn.cluster module .
bld / doc : fix conf.py on py3
maint : set the return - dtype of dtype.base and dtype.subdtype to any
remove print ( ) from core functions
fix the output format of diff
add fix for parens of binaryexpression with instanceof op embedded into arrowfunctionexpression .
convert package - manager - spec to js
cc to be compatible with the latest grpc version
use right env variable format in compose file
feat ( cli ) : update package checksum on mismatch
add dispatchcommand to the public export of the react native renderers
remove support for v2 verify_subject_alt_name field
credit - key files including tests
that pass optimizes load and store offsets , turning a load of ( x + y ) into a load of x with a load offset of y , where y is a small enough constant .
extra echo in services.sh e2e test to get it to pass
offset - converter and caller - provided instantiatewasm hooks
additional example in service documentation .
[ dubbo - 4299 ] fix npe when pojoutils realize null element in collection ( # 4299 ) ( # 4300 )
bug : merge_asof with tz - aware datetime " by " parameter raises
description : adding support for homematic slo ( outdoor brightness sensor ) danielperna84 / pyhomematic # 176 i added the device to discover_sensors and added the unit_of_measurement & icon checklist : local tests pass with tox .
this pull request adds some rules to our wap project that suppress existing rules that were removing vital files .
moved regular updates definition to own method to be able to override behaviour in subclass
compiled ; ignoring bootstrap.css change to avoid conflicts
ast : fix crash in getcontextsubstitutions ( ) when a class has a malformed superclass type
fix facts memtotal_mb rounding on vmware and swaptotal_mb conversion from kb to mb
converted our bug template to the new issue forms syntax .
[ fix ] message count of private and public channels upon deletion / pruning
complete and fix the spanish translation on setup
add support for launching http url directly
[ whatwg - streams ] make stream classes generic
compilation fails in ubuntu 21.10 presumably due to clang version behavior change
change change telemetrytracelogger to be per context add parent activity id concept to replace the subexecutionid send summary event upon each telemetrytracelogger destruction validation due to lack of test infra support for telemetry , i manually run and see telemetry events and also set breakpoints to verify the summary events .
use black to auto - format all .
added some system queries ( 1st attempt ) .
component name area / docs area / packaging
allow programmatic garbage collection via gc ( ) .
this pr syncs portable - simd in up to rust - lang / portable-simd@a838552 in order to address the type inference breakages documented on nightly in # 90904 by removing the vector + scalar binary operations ( called " autosplats " , " broadcasting " , or " rank promotion " , depending on who you ask ) that allow { scalar } + & ' _ { scalar } to fail in some cases , because it becomes possible the programmer may have meant { scalar } + & ' _ { vector } .
if we issue check table statement on distributed table , segment fault error will occur .
switch minimalhashable * types to use _ hash ( into :) as the primary hashing interface .
implement an interface for services to register metrics .
renamed aggregation to bundled edges in src
remove lambda function with lambda capture to allow building with pre-lambda
adapt nested fields extraction from " fields " api output to the new un-flattened structure ( # 68745 )
fix cpu time factor for freebsd
enh : make np.complexfloating generic w.r.t.
adding support to onlyasync also in testasyncmulti
switch tests from rhel 7.5 to 7.6 .
adjust receiv buffer via setsockopt for udp_server 's listening socket .
[ react - interactions ] add focuscontain and tabbablescope ui components
merging branch ' main ' into issue _ # 19949 ( after updating fork 's base ) .
[ win32nt_apitest ] add tests for truncated and extended handle to ntgdideleteobjectapp test
show how to pass linode_id .
add types for @woocommerce / woocommerce - rest - api
remove existing ansi colours when adding new ones
migrate additional maplikes to maps .
use itemgroup to print vars properties
this pr introduces a new doc on the writing process for the gatsby docs .
fix : consider children that are elements in addchild
since @staars builded the ccloader tasmota driver to flash the zigbee module cc253x and the bt module cc2541 it is usefull to have the firmwares in the repo .
add support for 64 bit qnx builds
remove uneeded bool in deltasum impl
this pull request fixes a number of things related to the annotations of various np.generic subclasses : 3434da8 & e171b2b : adds previously missing types to the constructors .
adding typings for url - parse
opened for issue # 1462 this pr fixes the assertequals parameter order in the arrange - act - assert module .
chore : bumped redux version to 4.x & correct genericstoreenhancer import
rustfix from injecting bugs into legal 2015 edition code .
[ camwithher ] add missing age limit
allow config num executors to use variable from values file
conventions : update error code names
use useresult for more concise and better type safety
add " further reading links " between end - user and org guides for codespaces
the repcode handling logic was slightly off in the original version of this api - this pr aims to fix it by : 1 ) keeping track of a dedicated repcode array , and 2 ) persist the repcodes array through each block .
fix #xxx [ , #xxx ] , where " xxx " is the issue number ) if adding a new feature , the pr 's description includes :
stapelberg readme formatting fix ( missing grave accent )
[ codecompletion ] do n't restore the parser position after the second pass
add a new output format when a blueprint name is provided
adding types declaration for module slashy add or edit tests to reflect the change .
updates the terminal 's scroll response to new output .
support importing inaccessible extern crates with a warning again .
[ firefox ] stop building the metadata.inc / chrome.manifest.inc files during gulp locale ( pr 9566 follow - up )
this is the first step for implementing a offline data i / o api : what works : # generate experiences rllib train -- env = cartpole - v0 -- run = pg -- config ='{ " output " : " s3 : / / bucket / data " } ' # consume experiences rllib train -- env = cartpole - v0 -- run = dqn \ -- config ='{ " input " : " / tmp / data " , " input_evaluation " : " simulation " } ' # consume experiences from s3 files rllib train -- env = cartpole - v0 -- run = dqn \ -- config ='{ " input " : [ " s3 : / / bucket / f1 " , " s3 : / / bucket / f2 " ] , \ " input_evaluation " : " simulation " } ' # consume experiences from different sources rllib train -- env = cartpole - v0 -- run = dqn \ -- config ='{ " input " : { " sampler " : 0.5 , " / tmp / data " : 0.5 } } ' what 's next : trajectory postprocessing and multi-agent support add a non-batched input format counterfactual evaluation ( also need some way to get the reward timeline ) documentation # 3363
enhance geturl ( ) method .
use zeroed allocation instead of eagerly initializing the memory
this makes the hypertext of the link in the main readme to the usage readme less ambiguous .
this is my initial pass at supporting coroutine mocking via a new mock subclass , coroutinemock .
allocate defindices for global crate metadata .
parse and store links in the compiler
bugfix : legacy spring annotation - driven issues on placeholder .
anchor scroll supports complete href link
updated the documentation of the layoutlmv2featureextractor
fix signatures of wrapped dg functions
ref : refactor array casting out of index .
use micromatch for excludes and add tests
description : this pr adds support for custom stream queries per device and media type to media_extractor .
add tests covering emitting default parameters natively in es6
ref : implement logical and comparison array ops
fix regression of x & y on max7219 debug led 's
fix issue # 642 ( aztec decoding : incorrect decoding of codes with u / s b / s ) .
shader / memory : implement stl.s16 and sts.s16
update news to explain new onfailure = behaviour
fix sending notifications to mentions on threads
this pull request add the support of can iso - tp address extensions in the socket module by enhancing getsockaddrarg and getsockname .
removed disabled pylint rule unused_import from connector_registry.py in connectors module
remove initialization repetition from a second atom process
fixed server to handle invalid arguments without breaking
this pr adds rate limits to post / api / users and post / api / users / : user_id .
add " use hooks api " style guide rule
editorgroupservice : managing of tabs visibility
made few corrections changes for easy navigation and easy reading
feat : allow to pass function value in mapactions / mapmutations
fix : prefix navigate calls with pathprefix
we already have a page in docs i have updated the existing page with content from site - showcase - submissions and set the link as available .
make moving window across monitors optional
update typings to styled - system v5
i hereby agree to the terms of the cla available at : add connection pool for postgresql table / database engine and dictionary source .
with this pr we improve type argument inference by inferring from the contextual type of a generic function call to the return type of the generic function .
docs : fix link to supported platforms in toc
add support for multiple disks .
[ runtime_env ] [ serve ] updating deployment that uses working_dir causes backend_state .
[ testing ] port test_trainer_distributed to run with pytest
development instructions updated to gcc 10 from gcc 9
support for using stored apisecret in denied mode and add auth headers to report requests
add a maximum timeout for resolve variable / detach instance requests in pty host
upgrade c# helloworld and routeguide to v1 .13.1
call the luaoc bridge function , when the oc function return type is bool , i get the returntype from const char * returntype = [ methodsig methodreturntype ] ; is " b " .
this pr simplifies zca whitening by not forming the covariance matrix or the full diagonal matrix .
add or update assignment expression documentation for : faq - design reference - expressions reference - lexical analysis automerge - triggered - by : @matrixise
update docker to build the deprecated target alongside the new one
remove generation of debug info from wavm code generation
update description of random forest estimators regarding sub-sample size
revert " update ci docker images to ubuntu 16.04 "
[ info ] reactor summary :
add minheights for project filters chart
added feature to move added tokens in tokenizer .
change state off to state standby
fix compile error in typescript 3.4 ; passport.strategy is an interface and must be implemented , not extended
change the default value for api token usage stats to false
output date in a locale independent way
initial commit for adding plugin command
this pr reverts the incompatible changes to restore pre - 1.10 behavior .
style - only : rename * chainstate return values
associate mw factories with instances per player id
do not remove spaces in single - quote literal .
precompile atom - space - pen - views stylesheets
added documentation in readme , man page , man page markdown , and main-conf.c in usage and print_nmap_help functions .
removing some left over files in react - native - win32 from a documentation solution that is n't being used in the new code location .
couchbase : add the basic full - text search api
these are some minor edits i made when experimenting with the superkoalio file .
improved reporting of where the missed slot is when it reports incomplete rounds .
feat : additional node fs polyfill support for directories
revert " opengl access violation fix "
add iteratee property shorthand for uniq in underscore
revert " fixed typos in errors.js "
optimize the constants to the utils package for the client module
fix : support differet aws partitions
replace all uses of & foo [ ] with & foo [ .
rewrite with es6 modules , update definitions
separate type and value for node_stream_input
initial revision of getting f5 to work in vscode .
fix : compute_output_shape for stacked rnn cells with different number of units
test that str params with embedded null chars are passed to sqlite functions
simplify reference handling and merge two connection object members : remove superfluous pyobject * member isolation_level from connection object ( self - > begin_statement carries the information we need ) introduce get_begin_statement ( ) helper for converting isolation level to begin statement simplify sqlite3.connection .
this pr offers a fix for pr 16162 's problem with causing td3 tests to fail / timeout often .
after re-reading the changes i made on the last pr , i felt like it needed more elaboration .
add the test base for tf.data c++ kernels
dtst saves all trace sessions to binary file .
add getstringview ( convenience function to get string_view from a string returning an empty string_view on null pointer ) like getstring , getcstring
[ benchmark ] add string test suite ( off by default )
cherry - pick from master roll crbug : npm test passes tests are changed or added pr title follows semantic commit guidelines pr release notes describe the change in a way relevant to app developers , and are capitalized , punctuated , and past tense .
cmake : fix dependencies in benchmarks
add mcp230xx_output and use_mcp230xx_displayoutput to user_config.h
add eps for roi_perspective_transform op avoid dividing zero .
do not create credential file in headless mode
reset activerecord : : logsubscriber runtime at the start of each request
fixes # 103623 the reason and message fields for pod status are no longer reset unless the phase also changes .
shim.rs : improve docs a bit
issue # 1712 : adding getting dpi support for ios and android .
use stdlib json encoder for yaml and pretty - json marshaling
adds a per - profile setting for setting the audio sound for the bell .
added connection object and added fields to user object
make alert track its xamlroot 's size changes
implement time_parse ( <time_str> , <pattern_str> ) function which allows to parse a time string according to the specified pattern into a time object .
add translation of zhang - suen - thinning and markov algorithm
tests : add big test for multiple scenarios
fixes to the visibility of views move container to workspace <name> rewrote workspace { , _ output } _ { prev , next } and patched that into workspace_by_name so it works with the move command
a while ago i submitted a pr to make vertical centering of the arrows dynamic to the arrow height , using transform translate .
do not use deprecated call for apiclient
this pr updates the home assistant integration to use the new api .
[ rfc ] minimal scipy version for 1.0 ( or 0.26 ) release
for 1/2 the plugins in x-pack , the integtest task is now a no - op and all of the tests are now executed via a test , yamlresttest , javaresttest , or internalclustertest .
no options when using sway as ipc client
added a sentence for clarity on sorted union bonfire .
fix # 24208 offset option can be function ( popper.js ) add support for calculate and dynamically change offset position for dropdown menu .
add index for tasks to dispatch
description : this pr adds support for recording history to an apache kafka topic .
this pr changes the type key and type shortcut behavior to hold enter to accept instead of hold and release , so that it is consistent with the esc behavior .
hashes the deployment names in the cluster snapshot .
the module only checks for existance of the database when dropping .
add documentation for array.find and array.rfind
handle git + ssh : / / and ssh + git : / / protocols support
support starlette request in web request
add more efficient solution to longest increasing subsequence problem in c++
fix user info with a wrapper
added keymap variant to approximate kin adv
add support for drupal json : api includes .
add inlinecollapsed = { true | false } prop for menu , handle icon size , text display and submenu inside menu , and auto tooltip for menu item .
bael - 1265 : using lambdas instead of anonymous classes
add early draft of imdb.py and unit test
scripted - diff : bump copyright headers
bug : default + input resolvers in df.eval , gh34966
add ability to enable / disable combos
update to v3 preview 4 for core + framework compare
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
[ messagehandler ] convert the deletestreamcontroller helper function to a " private " method instead
package - lock bump for new echarts plugin
test monitoring on restricted indices for monitoring collector
[ info ] adds [ ] to info labels , allowing skinners to specify a number .
encapsulate encoding of default - constructed statname .
throw an error if the inferred output path already exists .
improve appearance of __ new __ in help ( ) .
conver iconviewmanager to use shadownode , add emsize prop
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
slackhooktestcase commits my commits all reference jira issues in their subject lines , and i have squashed multiple commits if they address the same issue .
this pr adds support for the organization feature at auth0 so that people using typescript can use it in a type - safe way .
- deleted wrong def econtent in eobject
refactor mongodb chart to support replica set
chore : upgrade stop - only and catch them
since many widget classes use sprite & scale9sprite at the same time , when the user change scale9enabled properties , we removed the previous added sprites and re-added them again .
allow episode zero ( special ) and leading zeroes in rss episode filter .
place atom.png icons in standard system locations
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
revert " reverts " implement dartpluginclass support for plugins # 74469 " ( # 78623 ) "
# 1308 fix some spelling errors of method names in file named ' utilall.java ' these changes seem trivial , but it 's an international project and i think the right naming helps other developers understand it .
updated vs props and makefiles of googlemock to reflect the new location of googletest .
i added a new link to a git course that my team worked on .
fix filling current block when graph.gv.current = false
this pull request fixes the following : fixes the wp8 shader compiler by adding missing files to project fixes the allocatortest by deleting the objects created in the first test pass before starting the second test pass .
host pred : add integration test for previous host predicate
control : add adctrajectory speed_fallback when full_stop .
emit readonly in declaration file for get - only accessors in classes
move handling code to behavior rule file
aliasanalysis : handle copy_addr in membehaviorvisitor .
ignore build artifacts in flying shuttle manifest
handle improperly stringified protocols and allow inconsistency between none / - 1 on non-tcp protocols
[ codesynthesis ] when creating the pattern binding for the backing variable , use the original property 's static spelling
chore : improve documentation in build script
add 16 bit audio handling for pcm int little and a_ms_acm tracks with pcm int little
packages is missing , run pub get offline in the directory .
refactoring emitter for emit es6 features natively
this pr fixes the build for powerpc64le , and fixes a couple of tests .
regenerate some proto files after clscompliance has been dropped
there are a few tiny packages that seem like they might be out of place .
opensim as one of the external environments
bug : styler render trimming rows does not work with ` hide_index `
fix : pull out boolean attributes and have them set / check both attribute and property
fix celery worker cli parameter name that was changed in celery 4.x .
explanation for issues of type " wifimanagerleak " :
add missing ' tab ' parameter
[ docs ] adds more tests for security apis
remove errant and unneeded import of ansible.constants
[ tune ] sort test execution
doc : add strings for dypes in basic.rst
feat ( translation ) : add hindi translation for help file
extract empty / script / missing behavior from valuessourceconfig
filter unneeded query result fields for unauthenticated users
i2c bus reset with info to user
implement pep 612 behavior in collections.abc.callable
reorder when we render the pre js code in jsifier.js .
- this was a regression introduced in docker / libnetwork # 2416 fix hardcoded af_inet for ipv6 address handling
account for x and y probe offset when indicating current position on grid when displaying mesh map .
correct naming of fields in addressbook.proto ( " phones " and " persons " ) results in code that 's a bit wierd ( e.g.
see this makes it possible to build a bitcode enabled ios app if you 're using a local engine built with bitcode .
use a reproduced pathrelative in css minifier
fix attempting to search when no source value is returned
fix miri engine debug output for uninitialized locals
tab close button does n't color properly when changing tab color
fixes tree reduction failing on new instance type p3dn .24 xlarge , which was raised here : dmlc / gluon - nlp # 520 please feel free to remove inapplicable items for your pr .
updated to a more efficient version of bubble sort by adding decrements after loop and changing loop type .
[ jvm - packages ] update docs and unify terminology
added middleware interface to prevent original eurekaconfig fields from being nullable
this imports in.h , in6.h and l2tp.h from kernel - 5.0 .
make check titles consistent by making python version come first
bring pure python ( datetime | date | time ) .
change the dev time devtool to eval .
lstm + non-shared vf nn + ppo crashes when using a tuple action space .
add files to install openpose under jetpack 3.3
support for configmap to bootstrap artifactory
this pr update it to two - layer abstraction .
nspawn : sort and clean up included header list
feat ( point ) : add x , y value
[ ownership ] add a new construct : ownedvalueintroducer for dealing with non-forwarding owned values at a higher level .
task ids are a way to express a relationship between related internal requests .
add " mark all as complete " checkbox bound to a writeable computed observable and minor code cleanup .
this pr fix the ship bug with chain fork and stride enabled .
this patch is adding integration tests for the grafana_datasource module .
@main : enable main function to throw .
new features others tensor transforms on gpu normalize to_grayscale vflip hflip crop center_crop pad rotate resize
disallow building a uniqxxxxstate on top of another aggregation state
remove memory leak from asset generator
[ distributed ] fix dist thunk mangling in linking.cpp as well
revert " avoid global ordinals in composite aggregation ( # 74559 ) "
add coffeescript version of waitfor.js .
docker hub uses standard docker layer caching to cache artifacts between builds .
performance optimization others getblob is very often used function and majority of it is executed under critical section so it is good to optimize it as much as possible .
small follow - ups to # 19935 : removal of unused keyidhasher class ( comment in 19935 ) removal of an outdated comment , which referred to an old problem with the no longer supported boost 1.46 and boost : : unordered_map , now replaced by std : : unordered_map .
# 243 added a single - endpoint configuration option for an elasticache replication group that used dns polling to determine when a failover had occurred .
add more tests for generatedkey delete invalid class named datasourceservice.java
add images_out_dir arg to test apis
use os.execl to " run " subcommand on unix
short description ( up to few sentences ) : fixed wrong argument types for aggregate functions with low cardinality arguments .
add the _ framework.common package .
change links from github.com to api.rubyonrails.org
add support for 2 more headers
others others migrate 2.0 api example for gradients and append_backward update api into paddle 2.0 in sample code variable -- > tensor refine to display doc zh doc pr : paddlepaddle / docs # 2685
download files via tor when tor is enabled
add dwarf tests for big endian
the interesting part of prophetnet is its decoder which can do n - gram causal language modeling .
bump 0.1 s timeout to 0.5 s
correct default return value for softap fix eclipse debug level handling
op ( rank_loss ) error message enhancement for both c++ and python , and provide unittest .
use for esp32 stage git version
add blob & file type for readfile api
[ added ] support for extra props in links , fixes # 170
also fix the default aspect ratio for radar charts which was n't applied when creating a chart directly using new chart ( ctx , { type : ' radar ' } ) .
build : remove arm includes from getauxval ( ) check
fix undefined termcap symbols on openbsd .
this adds an initial dataset.stats ( ) framework for debugging dataset performance .
remove caravan code from the table
doc : bump manpages to 0.15.99
reverts # 16535 and # 16751 in an effort to fix # 17008 and # 17006 , skips a runtime_env test .
id is added to cards without id in ui - lovelace.yaml when loaded
create electronic - json - storage.d.ts
bug fixes others fix and enable test_multiprocess_dataloader_static random fail fix # 25265 not need to keep order if there is only 1 place check thread_done_event on read queue timeout reduce data shape to reduce share memory use for ci only have 64m in / dev / shm tested 1000 times locally , test script as follows : export cuda_visible_devices = 0,1 for i in { 1 .
adding deduplication logic to endsnapshot also : streamlined the init behavior to work the same way ( keep state on the snapshotsservice to decide which snapshot entries are stale ) closes # 38226 note : i ran a few thousand iterations of the snapshotresiliencytests for these changes and they came back green ,
relax message id requirement in with - react - intl
this pr adds support for prepending sass code before the actual entry file .
update of the rgb_led struct layout to a more efficient layout .
one reimplements depth handling by setting the depth on the nestedmodelserializer definition in get_nested_field ( ) , ensuring each instance always has self.opts.depth available on instantiation .
fix : start date format for executation log
add some description to dubbo - website project if you are requesting to add a feature .
add attachmentdata to multipart insert method
fixed value error for incremental pca
added support to the high - level rest client for the create snapshot api call .
issue fixed : # 3872 eventbridge trigger on localstack defaults to default event bus even though a new one is passed .
use static assert for parametermarkerassert & tableassert
add sync connect to avoid connect failed error
split dummy in region inference graph into distinct source and sink nodes .
various changes in support of 5 extruders ( augmenting # 6264 ) this should do the trick , completing 5 extruder support .
tests : restrict feature_segwit legacy wallet import tests
adds a new object git_pool which is a paged memory allocator converts attrs and diffs to use git_pool allocator for strings converts revwalk to use git_pool for its lightweight commit objects imports new hashtable implementation from adds two wrappers for khash tables - git_khash_str and git_khash_oid converts all usage of git_hashtable to khash tables the net effect of these changes is that we should be more memory efficient for small allocations in a number of cases , plus some of the issues with the cuckoo hashing in git_hashtable should go away ( e.g.
make allows remote indices a request property
@rocketchat / core closes # 7408 this feature allows someone with " view - room - administration " permission to list all groups with the api call / api / v1 / groups.list similar modifications should be done in the other groups api calls to ensure users with the proper permissions can do the same thing via api than with the web interface ( such as delete & modify groups )
added missing attributes for noble peripheral
allow passing self as an argument to methods
add types for ackextension and timesyncextension
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
[ flutter_tools ] move ios to assemble
locking system overhaul , add condition variables
this extends the current matthews_corrcoef to handle the multiclass case .
[ csgen ] resolve binding pattern before using it
add $ skip_mac to " brew updater " step
documentation : debian gcc - 9 installation instructions
we see threads waiting on getforfield method in our jfr recording .
update http to https in solarized
" jsx in depth " attempts to describe all of jsx , covering the occasionally - relevant edge cases and weird bits .
stm32h743iit6 arm cortex - m7 run in 400mhz ltdc + onborad sdram + onboard qspi flash direct drive 7 inch ( 1024 * 600 ) tft screen ( tft_color_ui is now available .
just truncate name internally as in iphone to load font with path but you still need to add all fonts to .
introduces fontconfig , an object that isolates font - related settings in our profiles users can now define font settings in their json as so : " font " :{ " face " : " consolas " , " size " : 12 } backwards compatible with the currently expected way of defining font settings in the json , note however that upon hitting ' save ' in the sui , these settings will be rewritten to the font - object style in the json ( as above ) .
per discussion , adds context = default to file module to specify a return to default selinux context .
demo.mov proof of concept for " wizard " workflow .
fix spelling error in find_upwards ( ) comments
these are unlikely to cause practical issues but after bootstrapping with fuck ; fuck shellcheck gave me an error in my bashrc .
this pull request introduces / cc to search for instruction while ignoring case .
add a unit test to callback pattern .
do n't mark sitepage dirty if just updateat changed
wallet : fix and improve upgradewallet error responses
core / cmake : enforce wclass - memaccess
resolve conditional type only when check and extends types are non-generic
regr : __ setitem __ with integer slices on int / rangeindex is broken ( label instead of positional )
mark command as optional for docker run
khronos webgl group recommend the following sequence when compiling and linking shaders : compileshader ( x ) compileshader ( y ) linkprogram ( z ) check for link errors ( and display compilation errors as required ) .
node : remove redundant widen of query type to any
[ settings ] - make the ios8 compatibility setting a " enable airplay video and pictures support " setting
enable tensor core for conv cudnn
add multiple pid defaults to configuration
adds buck files for nuclide integration support fixes some pzstd includes and shortens the tests a little bit
change handshaker api to use a read buffer to pass leftover bytes read
add new package : naver - whale
fix unknown column bug in sampling .
added stripe - node typings for webhook verification
add bigquery to google cloud storage operator .
since esp32 build variants are normal builds .
incorrect disk identification in the diskstats plugin
fix : allows to update an installed module from a tgz package
[ gatsby - image ] fluid image has a blank accessibility element
this will resolve issues around circular dependency management .
update to readme and keymap files
add new error for rest parameters
[ core ] simplify module augmentation
obtain apparent type before narrowing type variables
refactored the api layer : do not handle api response after pipelining
added iso , utilitarian layouts and updated rgb pin position
also added logical pin maps for the ethernet , exp1 and exp2 connectors .
to fix some ci failures .
added definitions for source - map - support
fixes a failure of proj.android/build_native.py when there are spaces in the folder path .
merge remote - tracking branch ' upstream / master '
backport 46062 - fix calling deprecate with correct arguments to 2.6 basic.py ansible version ansible 2.6.7
temporary fix for graphviz chart alignment .
this pr makes the tf transfoxl model compliant with amp .
provide callback for obtaining peer address _ and local address _
[ sw ] : cherry - picked commit from 4.1 branch
py " | flake8 -- diff whatsnew entry
update patched version of pip - tools for vendoring
fix ( aws api gateway ) : fix handling stage settings when in nested stack
warn about more ignored bounds on type aliases
this series of commits deals with broken links to the source code .
isorphanednode checks for path to root
only enable shadow lookup if shadowlookup experiment is enabled
fixes for material migration and g3
allow overwriting extension attributes during merging ( see # 3314 )
upgraded libs , moved to resthighlevelclient
- when jsx mode is " react " , jsxnamespace optionally specifies the emit namespace for react calls , eg " -- jsxnamespace mydomlib " will emit calls as mydomlib.createelement ( instead of react.createelement )
add search parameters for binomial coefficient
add sourcetarget and propagatedfrom to events
make security_connector manage pending handshaker , while handshaker owns tcp
eds : support auto host re-write
move ints_to_pytimedelta , normalize_date , fixup imports and tests
description : adds rtsp stream support for uvc ( unifi video client ) integration .
adds a websocket command to fetch the openzwave network statistics local tests pass .
clickhousedocs - 626 : fixed links .
this updates the gles rendering methods to use cpicturebuffer like the gl rendering method does .
add user permissions to explore and dashboard bootstrap data
add installation details for nv_caffe flag
@unguiculus it adds priorityclassname as a field to the values and template , this allows us to prioritize keycloak deployment over other applications on our cluster , as they depend on keycloak for logging in anyway .
this pr is a first cut at support multiple - block returns .
refactor / fix win_group_membership to use sids for internal comparisons ( # 40725 )
allow sort option for backbone collection.add and push .
update validate solution script to fetch one solution
add tensortransfer instruction to the same block as the graph operation .
adjust the filtering on data endpoint when a context parameter is used .
deprecate tls_context in listener and cluster in favor of transport
update docs to no longer use deprecated theme - ui layout and instead use theme - ui components
apply human - friendly formatting to info.json
remove " defaultconfigname " prop and use " defaultconfig " as a single config to be extended
[ constraintsystem ] fix missing arguments
this pr fixes this issue by having a separate pool for spill / restore workers .
rustbuild : sort rules by the order of matching cli paths .
add test for syncfs with an already existing directory
this pr adapts the current version of the yt - dlp module to yt - dl conventions , in particular replacing f ' strings ' and yield from .
chore : register " aws alexa " commit message scope
removes the children prop that i added
quick pick focused item does not meet color contrast of 3:1
remove some dependency of ray core
deprecate groupby ( ) squeeze option
the completion suggester ignores the original weight of the suggestion when duplicates are removed .
added support for os x to xgboost.libpath
also adding tests for fixed ices
enable the usage of -- delete - tostring - package - uri in the flutter tool
remove riggedsimple model from gltf extension example .
moves the python tests to the python subdir .
allocate rust_ivec buffers out of the kernel pool
ignore case of key names in keyboard.xml
idea is to make it easier for extensions to work with patterns that should be relative to the workspace .
working locale resolution system for locale lists
update advanced_keycodes ; oneshot = sticky / dead keys
this pr fixed two bugs with imageviewer , related to image rotations : the image looked shrank after rotation due to the window not being updated properly .
switch from a lock free stack to an mpscq protected by a spinlock for incoming requests .
feat ( mongoose ) : added flag for new url parser
add http header of content type options
- w fix - sqlite - database check metadata database integrity , fix if needed and exit .
calculate sparcity of a given matrix .
use fs.watch for all directory watchers and some bug fixes
deepchecks is a python package for comprehensively validating your machine learning models and data with minimal effort .
fix idempotency of init option .
add the ability to ignore unknown fields in eds .
changes to provide api in objective - c to the values and names for enums .
[ gardening ] cleanup control flow in computecalllevel to reduce indentation level .
allow compilation with nvc + +
this is to add a tower_settings module which provides the ability to get , modify tower settings , which are at / api / v2 / settings / all .
mapbox - gl : geolocatecontrol support v0 .39.0
documenting how to use resolve - url - plugin plugin
ignore : skip utf8 bom in ignore file
shap contribution dependency plots ( an alternative to partial dependency plots ) .
handle proc - macros as macros instead of functions
gatsby - transformer - json is a great plugin to parse raw json .
this pr backports fixes and improvements for gbm and drm prime to leia .
attempt to fix trie - tree code
libweb : make clone_node capable of cloning document fragments
i have read the contributing document .
( thanks for dalinaum ) and remove remote buffer section in both remote.md ( en , ko ) files as section is outdated .
kinematic character 3d demo shows buggy kinematicbody / gridmap collisions with bullet
move imageviewmanager to its own folder
fix for @types / xrm missing context.getversion # 16528 .
update metal driver to use new samplergroupinfo .
revise creation of control flow graph for try - catch - finally statements
sema : add a pretty stack trace entry when checking error handling
this pr adds a new api into the kubelet server which could return statistical information about a container .
feat ( ali - oss ) : add types of refresh token
add a jwt test case for interop test
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes :
migration dump uuid default functions to schema.rb .
hackstudio : disable run button while debugging
the health was not checking the size returned by fread , so it could work with less data than available .
properly cleanup deleted files of obsolete charts from disk ; fixes # 1358
add loremify , an lorem ipsum generator .
revert " revert " support scrollview keyboarddismissmode " ( # 3692 ) "
add more comment to the tls
get pixel color for a full window and connect functionality to ui .
fix gpu test for demosaicing :
make use of rpc arena to avoid protobuf copying and destructing which are really expensive for complicated structures .
fix : tests now catch bug reported in # 750 ( in hdf5 output layer )
[ jenkins - 20023 ] add support for java - jar jenkins-cli.jar help <cmdname>
fix unguarded data type conversion from int64 to int in arg_min_max .
change the way to generate actor handle id .
update ndarrayiter api doc with csrndarray inputs update document for kv.init , kv.push add test for # 7676 preview :
re-enabling some warnings that are required per sdl - going towards # 6918 .
asoc : rpi - wm8804 - soundcard : use modern dai_link style
[ docs ] remove requireraw mock
fix c warnings , whitespace ; remove unused func
maint : move 9 constants from np to np.core.multiarray
here are my copyedits to the byterun chapter .
backport # 2402 , # 2416 , # 2419 and # 2708 into 0.10 release branch .
add wrapper script for pylint .
added big - endian support by converting little - endian data in numpy_helper
owners_aliases : remove csbell from feature - approvers
add option to control webui clickjacking protection
make mi desk lamp default off
if for reason the some rule need to be disabled , disable it for that line using / / tslint : disable - next - line [ rulename ] and not for whole package so that the need for disabling can be reviewed .
reduce many overheads in saving and loading multi-threading save and load still use text format .
this patch adds a new class_mode to keras.preprocessing.image.imagedatagenerator.flow_from_directory method .
add merge base output for job -- > input to action - visual - snapshot
make sure all dom mutations are cleaned up
nc , ms , or , ri state and county data not updated for 6 - 21
add ha mqtt discovery to mi
meta : mark the other image file formats as binary in .
add textcat_multilabel to overview of built - in components
only accept supported services for rax module
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes : <
ko - more info about the crash originally reported offline by @fxdgear and @lk4d4 on antegros and gentoo linux erro [ 0001 ] could not create netlink handle on initial namespace : protocol not supported panic : runtime error : invalid memory address or nil pointer dereference goroutine 1 [ running ] : panic ( 0x1467cc0 , 0xc420012100 ) / home / moroz / go / src / runtime / panic.go : 500 +0 x1a1 github.com/vishvananda/netlink .
[ v1.x ] migrate to use ecr as docker cache instead of dockerhub ( # 19654 )
i hereby agree to the terms of the cla available at : changelog category : documentation for # 17832
clarify that the style parameter is for the fmt parameter , not for log messages .
skydive is a network analyzer tool , which helps in analyzing sdns and network and with this pr ansible api and lookup modules are added to query skydive objects using skydive python client .
this should allow rllib to work with autoscaling clusters in many cases .
this pr aims to start a clean - up and code clarification process with the example of the pg algorithm .
added arc length and numerical integration calculators
[ docs ] split roles apis into separate pages
first commit of curl command from request
fix typo in src / engine
stop invalidating resolution when file stays open
/ area code - organization deviceplugin and pluginregistration are external facing apis .
add in a chart for the vault - operator which issue this pr fixes : fix as pr based off of the etcd - operator
this runs git diff in the current repo and applies any git patches as code review comments on github .
[ sema ] ban opaque types in parameter position .
this is part 2 of the 3 major pull requests i plan to do for adding tvos ( appletv4 ) support to mainline .
add basic fuzz tests for a few common builtin functions .
change css output file name to style.css
remove static_bump setting and statictop variable
removes mentions of asm.js and other unneeded things , and focuses on hopefully more useful content .
revert " metadata updates for release 8.10.14 ( # 2354 ) "
chore ( package ) : update jest to version 21.0.1
fixes # 991 assign equation colors starting with the first unused color manual tests
run -- no - exit - runtime only when optimizing .
[ move sift.cpp ] xfeatures2d : use updated tls api
feature : add config to supply executable chrome path to puppeteer
upgrade typescript example to chakra ui v1 upgrade to react 17 patch some missing parts and fix broken icons in non typescript example add example how to persist color mode when you refresh the page : source :
fix overflow when calculating expected_min in generics diagnostics
message p " greeting : # { message } " end sleep 3 end under lldb on os x : first the client starts an rpc and calls run_batch .
my submission is formatted according to the guidelines in the contributing guide all changes have been squashed into a single commit
future releases of atom - shell will be published to the releases page , instead of uploading to s3 .
rewrite node greeter example to use generated code
fill in some missing parts in the default ast visitor
libweb : add all html elements between a and f
avoid crach on olds kernels ( issue # 554 )
i am working to get all languages in grpc / grpc to share a common set of proto files .
sort overrides $ near sort - minimongo ( # 3599 )
this pr makes sure that no mask_indices are predicted for padded tokens and thus ensures that the loss for padded tokens is always ignored .
doc : instructions for stalled prs
depends on # 19882 the transactions table only included the sampling key clause in april ( for on prem ) .
convert existing e2e test pages to rntester pages
segfault in dataframe.apply with duplicate column names and multiple aggfuncs
print error message when vswhere is missing
quick omni - very basic first registry
we are planning to remove supports for non-linux platform in
fix to remove warning on postgres adapter test .
initial commit for harmonized expand / expandas
close the file handlers before deleting the logging handlers so that there is no resource warning .
adds support for via configurator to the southpaw fullsize by switchplate peripherals .
gracefully handle errors from callbacks .
refactor physicscontact inherits from eventcustom ; simplify emitting collision events
makes progress on # 404 replace utstring_printf with std : : snprintf for formatting instead of string concatenation note that std : : snprintf requires c++ 11
added command line information to display details about collected telemetry
rm travis env vars for giving savage access to defunct custom caching system
introduce false & true context keys ( # 85058 )
remove prefix from the i18n strings ( not sorted )
chrome_version.h is dynamically generated by bootstrap.py so it
adds the ability to set the lift off distance between the sensor and the surface .
commit 87a5346 cherry - picked changes into the 17.03 branch to make the client skip auto - removing containers on api 1.25 and up .
as explained in here , the current computation for precision matrix which uses the inverse of covariance matrix might lead to some instability problem .
launch 2 instances of calculator in graphing mode , ensure that the second instance does not crash on launch make sure equation list and variable list still function as expected
make puppet module useable on puppet 6 ( # 46044 )
initial refactor of ergo42 to split common
fix issue identified with current scheme for capturing onblock transaction traces .
publish an empty notification for empty keys
update ( docs ) : mark gatsby internal docs for update
added fast path rendering for textblocks when possible .
this pr gets rid of the unnecessary ' run automatic scan ' button from the content setting dialogs .
improve errors for missing debug and display impls
rustdoc does not warn about unknown , renamed , or removed lints
update persistence in line with helm best practices .
allow to read subcolumns of complex types
- properly parse internal hyperlinks in constants description
build vnext / src / libraries directly to vnext / libraries
and mysql slave enable slave_parallel_worker the gtid in .
new custom gcode to help developers test their code while working in marlin
accept baselines for new import call expression error in es2015
fix resolution of exported types in commonjs
[ object spilling ] automatically spill objects on outofmemory
i was fiddling around on the menus in this pr : # 12024 i was finding it strangely tedious to have to click the global nav menus to open them .
added test for modelserializer meta fields
prevent updating url when delaying aspath
update azure - windows - 39 .
conditionally start / stop base timer only within profile mode tree
document how to set up so11y for cluster add label filter to aggregate metrics from dedicated labels .
add emergency_parser to lpc tests & update emergency_parser comment in configuration_adv.h to call out the other non-supported platforms .
replace str with np.str _ in calls to np.issubdtype
[ concurrency ] simplify checking for local functions .
series of commits extracting action view from action pack .
libjs : replace string const & with stringview in various temporal aos
modify borg check unit test so it " hangs " , see # 3444
refactor datauri tests to be more like csscolumns - tests .
refactor to subscribe to and lookup from worker failure table
use absolute divs to limit repaints on keypresses
add required parameter ' el : raphaelelement ' to insertafter ( ) and insertbefore ( ) methods
update submodule abseil - cpp to abseil lts 20210324 , patch 2
chess : added ability to copy board state as fen
add two articles about writing native component in ios
allow for refit = callable in * searchcv to balance score and model complexity
slightly improved batch position checks , extended type to avoid overflow errors
this attempts to fix the annoying new add - ons being disabled thing in pvr .
this change ports that code into react - native - windows as forked files , to help get us off the microsoft fork .
only emit necessary things in asmlibraryarg in the wasm backend
added small test for bigquery sensor
revert " pass clippy args also trough rustflags "
fix deprecationwarning regarding invalid escape sequence .
py " | flake8 -- diff whatsnew entry
the module defaults for gcp are n't up - to date with the current gcp modules , breaking the module defaults functionality for a lot of gcp _ * modules .
added support for new wireless receiver with oled display to comet46 keyboard .
make type optional and fall back to ' text '
add tests to verify behavior of symbolblock.cast
revert " added timestamps to nxos_command module ( # 50261 ) "
stagger application of stepsize in zstd_fast
guard against min / max macros in tests too
this pr makes calling grpc_init optional when creating c++ completionqueue objects .
fix several broken links in kernel method tutorials
[ win ] properly filter wm_devicechange message to reenumerate usb bus only on usb hid device insertion and removal
add support for group layers when parsing json output from tiled as requested in issue # 4099 .
adding option to specify the button of webmouseevent .
add settings ui string localization ( # 7833 )
this ports the following utilities to libmain : allocate aplay asctl bt this also adds a syscall wrapper for gethostname which is used by the bt utility .
bug / tst - do not multiply period diff result by freq scaling factor
failing https redirect since version 2.41.1
generalise and resuse markdown rendering function
added instructions for cuda 10.1 install
add support for light sensors with lx unit
add functionality to remove white spaces and build a character count hash table
add r 's library file to vs project and cmake .
move the deploy document to skywalking repo
add cmake option to use bundled gtest from dmlc - core
[ jquery ] fix export .
add retext - spell in order to spell - check our docs and fix a couple of spelling errors .
add a new keymap for kbd67 / hotswap , designed for people who both code and have to write math in non-latex environments on os x. checklist : my code follows the code style of this project .
fix predefined sorting of musicvideo nodes ( when accessed through the music library )
add chart for online status for bug # 3927
add style improvements for first solution of pe problem 02
this functionality is not used productively in php and it 's not used in
added javadoc to every package except for " heaps "
[ inputbase ] handle classname item in inputprops separately
therefore we can reorder generators ( and platform toolsets ) to try to build lightgbm with vs 2019 firstly .
update type definitions for viewer .
# 3190 tweens / timeline parent.makeactive missing
i fixed some of the style errors flake8 was showing from the changes we made yesterday .
added ready event on chainable method .
three small datatype - related fixes that most importantly make 24 - bit flacs sound correct .
add remain components from binutils - gdb
[ tasklocals ] enable sync functions to bind task - locals ; keep storage in tls
add support mini12864 v3 for e3p board
this fixes the problem that the application crashes when dragging a file to a non-valid index in the table .
description : this patch adds support for controlling roller shades through the cover component on the lutron platform .
only wrap with variants if rules do n't already contain any variants
added comments for trait implementations .
update to microbundle 0.13.2 to get terser 5.7
removed explore flask link - not free
distance of 90 was correct for a clock width of 260 as found in previous versions .
sema : narrow fix for a circular protocol conformance checking case
minimal fix to ensure that all returns have line numbers .
fix invalid table maxheight prop type
move view related files into new view folder and lib
4.0 , 4.1 and 4.2 docs : add canonical tag .
adding space to - l flag causes swiftc to produce abstract error .
added a new python script for testing amqp cases select one : select any that apply :
meta : exclude libwasm parser.cpp from sonar cloud static analysis
correct keystore commands for email and jira actions for watcher
for mingw , drop the ' lib ' prefix from shared library name
refactors into openexr uncompress pipeline .
add sentence class to brill tagger
add theme support for choosing overscroll indicator
use correct span on while ( let ) lowering
this fills out the rest of the blend modes for premultiplied alpha using the design of @westlangley .
this pr makes the following changes : remove logicalkeyboardkey.keylabel make physical / logicalkeyboardkey.debugname getters make physical / logicalkeyboardkey ( ) factory constructors , which cache non-predefined instances .
it decides the number of fraction digits for all dimensions of a chart , based on the visible y - range of the chart !
cleanup awdloader + added sample page with simple awd scene
new features apis add nansum api x = np.array ( [ [ float ( ' nan ' ) , 0.3 , 0.5 , 0.9 ] , x = paddle.to_tensor ( x ) out1 = paddle.nansum ( x ) # [ 2.7 ] out2 = paddle.nansum ( x , axis = 0 ) # [ 0.1 , 0.5 , 0.5 , 1.6 ] out3 = paddle.nansum ( x , axis = - 1 ) # [ 1.7 , 1.0 ] out4 = paddle.nansum ( x , axis = 1 , keepdim = true ) # [ [ 1.7 ] , [ 1.0 ] ]
this pr adds my layout for the chimera ortho and planck keyboards .
changed type of coordinate to string [ ] from string .
add set - ex to some scripts for debugging
build successful : i hope in the future we will be able to drop requirements_rtd.txt completely , but now pip still fails to resolve conflicts with preinstalled old ( 1.8.5 ) sphinx and latest breathe .
cy.request ( ) now accepts a generic in typescript for specifying the type of the request body make the type of response body of cy.request generic .
back - deployed concurrency library to use the same tls context as the
switch chain calls to use option : : chain method
use the family argument ( and others ) when creating the kube - load - balancer - source - cidr in proxy - mode = ipvs .
report event for viewing widget / visualization / query
more ribust handling of labes insafari for state diagrams .
fix error handling in os.sched_setaffinity .
after deleting the nat gateway , the eip sometimes seems to
net : make cnetmsgmaker more const
fix the incorrectly nested comment printing
improve heading structure of landing page the full strapline is too long for a heading .
h2o_mruby supports simple reverse proxy method .
networkd - dhcp6 : request prefix delegation for a new link
this pr fixes some inconsistencies relating to any and keyof any as the constraint type in a mapped type .
steam games were not showing up while searching using powertoys run .
retain vault password as bytes in 2.2
fix numerically unstable fused softrelu op
this is a continuation / split - off from # 22986 , where i tried to deduplicate the cython code for unique / factorize , and add a return_inverse kwarg to unique at the same time .
bump patch version of accounts - oauth
fast parsing of ints / doubles as strings as described in # 560 note : the null - termination character is never added , always use explicit length
bug : call pytype_ready before using type
adds special handling for void when checking initializers of binding patterns with zero elements .
this pr implement tasks to set development version and exe icon on windows .
redirect to login to support any invalid session identifiers
[ irgen ] use singleton metadata strategy in jit mode .
added blob.text ( ) method as it was missing
minor : fix a couple trogdor issues .
fix _ py_set_blocking ( ) for vxworks rtos
added rotation / panning support for trackpads based upon key - bindings inside of the settings .
add integration test suite for -- with - node - modules cli arg
initial commit of oauth2 client support for gitlab # 512
add sort group by users tests
in [ t | c ] svwithnames formats start using column information from header
[ ci ] upgrade cudf and rmm to 0.18 nightlies
fixed db connection leak problem in the crash_gen tool , and ensured that it releases all db connections upon completion , making memory leak detection easier .
fix the incorrect link of preparelinux or preparemacos
expect : add typings for expect.any ( )
this pr refactors the integration cli build tests .
replaced object and function types with more appropriate types changed many dictionary <t> inputs to just take plain objects , so an index signature is not required please fill out this template : follow the advice from the readme .
enabled code analysis for the editor .
fix fee calculation in sellram and comments
enh : vectorize base math with sse2
add default export to type definition and import it in test
basic version of data transfer object pattern implementation .
remove implicit dependency between iam policy and log groups
while further investigating this as requested , i found some single_file bugs that impacted html output and workers .
use default webpack.config from core in angular app
error on forward references for property initializers
add the apikey.id , apikey.name and authentication.type fields to the access_granted , access_denied , authentication_success and ( some ) tampered_request audit events ( apikey.id and apikey.name are present only when authn with an api key ) when authn with an api key , the user.realm field now contains the realm name of the user that created the key , instead of the synthetic value of _ es_api_key .
foo : : bar for instance methods
update : fix trap for sigint and read prompt on non-newline characters
add optional ' project ' parameter to bq hook method getschema
this pr aims to add proper support of mask in timedistributed wrapper layer .
add linux dependencies for atari - py and box2d - py
bump package numbers 16.13.1 - > 17.0.0 - alpha .0 to fix devtools suspense heuristic
add oss - parent as parent of libphonenumber - parent
related issue = # 1905 # 1996 in this pr , i try to determine which extension instruction should be used when casting integers .
use @supports to apply transform3d to those who can do it , then provide a non-3d fallback to ie11
irgen : lazily emit reflection field descriptors
plot_svm_scale_c.py and plot_discretization_classification.py use deprecated plt api
ak : move memory streams into their own header .
syncing with the owasp / cheatsheetseries
[ sil - devirtualizer ] do not perform a speculative devirtualization for no - opt callees .
this pr refactors the rllib train.py script to depend on a new ray.tune module , which implements efficient hyper - parameter search .
test : randomversionbetween works with unreleased
fix the hack __ webglinit for geometry that needs buffer updates .
add v1 .17.0 api compatibility data
backport of # 36824 to stable - 2.5 fixes documentation and ip configuration where no public ip is defined .
this commit lowers the severity for all settings from critical to warning for all settings that are still present in 8.0.0 .
carry the problem char with the invaliddigit variant .
added izi in transportation section added zippopotam to geocoding section
add ability to get an individual full error message + test for full_messages .
this pr adds better log messages to figure out if the root cause is the job information is not properly propagated from gcs to raylet through redis pubsub .
3 refactoring up front , plus test for iq
update : add get command types
add execution guard if option is 0
this speeds up testlogview in test_views.py by moving the app instantiation out of setup and into setupclass .
with quite some discussions on naming of the apis , finally adds 3 new apis : bool objectempty ( ) sizetype membercount ( ) removeallmembers ( ) apis similar to vector : : capacity ( ) and vector : : reserve ( ) are not added for member , because some possible implementations of associative array may be considered in the future and these apis may not be suitable for those situations .
duplicate check_finite when calling scipy.linalg functions
this pr adds : adjustments for windows
ir for demoting atomic bit struct stores
this excludes global before , beforeeach , after , and aftereach functions .
avoid extra method calls for appending newlines
extending the gpgpu birds demo so that it can load any gltf model / animation and use meshstandardmaterial to shade .
fix crash in cshoutcastfile : : close ( ) , clear buffer pointer after delete .
raise an error if the default object store size exceeds 90 % of available memory .
[ redirect ] support internal redirects with internal attribute
deprecate init ( frominputarray : realparts : imaginaryparts :) for dspsplitcomplex and dspdoublesplitcomplex
add windows container tabs on run - envoy
show confirm message when deleting the following items .
chore : update samesite attribute value description
do not overlay a runtime field with index sort
feat ( docs ) : add how to contribute to coderoad tutorials
pipeline ( parallelism = 15 ) - > .
minor : add latest 2.1 to service start cmd to enable proper start args
hide some implementation details of array types .
migrator : support the migration from member variables to global ones .
adjust relative import statements to use relative syntax
first 10 motivational quotes for italian
checks that it can open as read rather than read / write ; this will fix the eperm and ebusy errors on read .
fix bug with pooled http sessions and host ip change
rebase : handle no common ancestor for inmemory
add header to compiletest to check for ice
diff wrong in 0.079 of pixels in file : css3d_youtube
: add annotations to cri - api imagespec objects .
do n't retrieve config in running_config when config is provided for diff ( # 41400 )
rox - react - native : remove internal , undocumented , removed in next release method
rename container_option to container , make runtime options have the same code style .
delay the init of task node
[ index ] move core indexing code out of sourcekit
reintroduce the authorization example with a disclaimer about its usage
short description ( up to few sentences ) : fix bug with incorrect skip indices serialization and aggregation with adaptive granularity .
network : make the applet use an alpha channel
add assert ( debugcheckhasmateriallocalizations ( context ) ) ;
util : make encodebase58 consume spans
collect values from snmp string oids ; fixes # 1236
update and rename shardingsphere-kernel/shardingsphere-authority/shardingsphere-authority-core/src/test/java/org/apache/shardingsphere/authority/rule/authorityrulebuildertest.java to shardingsphere-kernel/shardingsphere-authority/shardingsphere-authority-core/src/test/java/org/apache/shardingsphere/authority/rule/builder/authorityrulebuildertest.java
define arguments for registerevent callback function
updating contributing to reflect keeping index.html up to date with master
authentication with u2f and webauthn devices fully working
push to github of changes to the tfrecord data generation script for delf .
adds glfw_focus_on_show window hint and attribute for issue # 1189 .
warn if setstate or forceupdate are called on an unmounted component
adding a new build option with nccl ) code is well - documented : for user - facing api changes , api doc string has been updated .
updated easeljs definitions to v0 .7 and tweenjs definitions to v0 .5
# 6341 : check systemd service status with show subcommand
support int64 ( large tensor ) for remaining random ops below 8 are supported random.exponential random.gamma random.generalized_negative_binomial random.multinomial random.negative_binomial random.normal random.poisson random.randn please feel free to remove inapplicable items for your pr .
[ flutter_tools ] removing mocking for dart target integration testing
clean up a couple of members in csapply by passing the selectedoverload instead of individual parameters for things like the function ref kind , choice , and opened type .
hope to merge ^ o ^
separate dropdownbuttonformfield and dropdownbutton test files
add missing bits of documentation and reformat to break long lines and use proper sphinx markers .
add type definitions for eins - modal
[ proposal ] custom arguments in step and reset methods
add backoff retry which implements autorest.senddecorator interface
adding start modal as alternative and changing cta
minor fixes related to my changes to the keyboard handling : capslock had the wrong vkey value ( xbmc was seeing it as space ) rogue oring with ckey : : modifier_ralt meant the right alt would n't work as a modifier added a keyboard.xml entry to make backslash work on a french keyboard tidy up keyboard.xml to group the multimedia keys together and add mappings for all multimedia keys , some with null values to act as placeholders .
add info for dual aclk into readme
make struct of struct work with .
switch from single var to one - var - per - variable
move terminalprocess to run in renderer process
use regexp to determine selected package
disable control flow analysis in excessively large statement blocks
add python tmdb tv show scraper
implements wait and retry logic on ray.connect ( ) this takes care of the case where the server is not yet ready , but does not yet cover the case where the server drops mid-connection ( still to come ) .
add dilate option for convolution / deconvolution , used for semantic segmentation .
add fp16 gemm support on gpu
enabled rtti for windows as well .
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes : see
pr allows custom securitycontext for stable / redmine .
update tests to not use old ~ syntax
fix error labels in release streams
update to version 2.8 and fix _ .
reflect that tracksession technically is async
this pr add launchdynamic method to the original kernel class .
adds the option to allow hystrixruntimeexception to be thrown by hystrixcommandaspect .
@karol - majewski @plantain - 00 @rbuckton
update ackee - tracker to v5
this replaces using inv messages to announce new blocks , when a peer requests
migrate 2.1 - data - types id quiz to quiz - app
translation : remove section herramientas de desarrollo
add a test case for request cookies persisting to session .
work in progress on memory - mapping example for ios
this fixes some login and grammatical errors in serbian locales ( sr , sr - cyrl ) and their tests .
immutable coef for the sparse svm variant too
add cov tox env to travis
add common interface for pyperf sample handling
tst gh26807 move pytest fixtures to conftest
fixed a problem with the timer class where a timer that is _ codepaused after a game pause would not be considered to be _ codepaused .
module - > namespace in ' leaflet ' .
if requested , automatically download annotations and image files for the coco dataset , including the " minival " and " valminusminival " annotations provided by ross girshick on dropbox .
fix normal map handedness in a few examples
i did correct some translation , and also i added link to let people visualize the code and test other attributes on it .
this pr fixes some failing protocol module tests when networkservice is enabled .
fix confirmation on canceling an object in the menu_cancelobject.cpp so it cancels the right object .
removing warnings on plotting by using default colour arguments
this is n't fully working , though not stopping the os from booting ( the aps are in protected mode , but halted for now ) for some reason we have what might be a paging issue .
[ sharedb ] add " submit source " support
refactor ( aws lambda ) : ensure natural function reference when no alias
this pr reverses the dependency between the services and scheduler layer .
openssl : sync with pristine upstream 1.0.2 h
fix path : : split , path : : isabsolute , path : : getparent , and getcanonicalpath on windows .
first draft of unified creation api
refactor : loosen semver ranges for deps
update to debian stretch for docker containers
fix breaking change introduced by gen_l10n output - dir option
cln gh22785 replace bare excepts by explicit excepts in pandas / io /
add a bottom affixed element to affix visual tests .
in this pr i extend the operator pad for 16x8 quantization mode .
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
disable use - default - type - parameter linter rule in backbone - relational
- archetypes can have concrete conformances via their superclass
more work on common layout .
* [ html5 ] add demo for event bubbling
allow keyword aggregation in dataframe.agg and series.agg
this change brings basic support for timeouts to the futex system call when invoked with the futex_wait option .
allow geogeometryobjects type to be null
[ downloader / dash ] add fragment retry capability
this ensures spr pages with a .
fix 19677 : specify categories with dtype = ' s '
it is a concise course on react native .
add banner to versions that are not latest
align tf ner example over the pt one
pam_systemd_home : prompt user for recovery key if homed asks for it
add argument error handling in optimization plugins
upgrade to nebula 2.x and gradle - rxjava - project - plugin 2.x
kafka - 7772 : start admin context only if admin endpoints are on different listeners
information about lazy deserialization of nominal type and extension
rename editor.softwrapped config option back to editor.softwrap
just adding an allow all robots.txt file
move default press event delays to constants
move type predicates back onto signatures , remove narrowing for property / get type guards .
add monitor selection and basic properties
refactor groupby tests for using strings to reference index levels
get rid of circular dependencies in babel cli script .
mutations and merges s3 support .
reduce the amount of unnecessary function calls and object allocations , in messagehandler , when using streams
feat ( cli ) : add declaration for generatorapi , promptmoduleapi
updating dockerfile.rocm to use rocm 4.1
journald : make audit socket optional
[ docs ] fix link to py - amqp issue tracker
chartjs - missing tooltip axis option
fix : remove truncating of attachment.text
updating boardwalk layout , and adding dz60 layout
guifontttfdx : prevent crash on unallocated texture or unavailable direct3d device
add tests for system reference strings
[ ramda ] fix path ( ) return type
test sharding appears to have been broken by commit 87cc788 .
for the snap updates caddy to 0.11.0 and updates node.js to 8.11.2 i 've already updated the 0.65.1 snap which is live for everyone .
listen to click event for checkbox and radio .
adding feathers to the mix .
added cordova - plugin - native - keyboard
libweb : add support for the any type in returning and parameters
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
fix byte formatting with fmt_compile , use __ cpp_lib_byte macro
[ libcocos2d.vcxproj , libcocos2d.vcxproj.filters ] removed entries for non-existent files that were causing " build is out of date " issues in visual studio
[ luxon ] add interval #toisodate and interval #toisotime
fixed an index out of bounds error that occurs when you pass 256 into iskeyjustpressed ( ) on lwjgl3 backend
description : added error handling .
fix for 2nd tool z - offset operation
merge feature / searchable - snapshots branch into master ( # 54803 )
defer reduction of identical function types in unions and intersections
coveragerc to pyproject.toml through toml extra
cancel running timer for tooltips with delayed show , but instant hide .
minimal support to ppc [ 64 ] emulation
fix storing local task_vars facts for the retry ( # 70171 )
added myself to contributors just in case
added showcase to readme - componofy
add tooltips to st.checkbox , st.radio , and st.number_input .
fix sankey edge emphasis not work # 9942
added trace steps to show addition of nodes and how tree is traversed while adding a new node .
crash on config multiple cli inputs
fix sentence case requests by sigmavirus24 here : added myself to authors .
a fix motivated by # 29785 .
fix avg time of grpc is not right .
enh deprecates none in feature union
there are several variations of alerts in the app : alertmessage .
add refid to channel - postmessage
remove rgb led support as this board has no rgb lb leds
allow reading training data from jsonl
commit ce_aaa_server module new module pull request ce_aaa_server.py ansible version ansible 2.3.0 config file = / etc / ansible / ansible.cfg configured module search path = [ ' / home / ansible - 2.1.1.0 / lib / ansible / modules / core / network / cloudengine ' , ' / home / ansible - 2.1.1.0 / lib / ansible / module_utils ' , ' / home / ansible - 2.1.1.0 / lib / ansible / modules ' , ' / home / ansible - 2.1.1.0 ' , ' / home / ansible - 2.1.1.0 / lib / ansible / utils / ' ] task [ configure accounting scheme ] ********************************************* task path : / usr1 / code / openness / code / current / kvm / intg / test / testcases / test - ce_aaa_server .
added : umd global var athenajs
also , bumps agp , compilesdk and targetsdk to latest bumps gradle and robolectric to more recent releases ( opted not for latest to minimize build fixes )
callback tag : disallow nested - object - param syntax
adjust release doc and script based on last release vote .
add helper functions for serialization of simple data types
use " whole program " and " link time optimization " features of gcc .
mount : add option to specify uid = and gid =
issue with all contributors badge in readme.md file
move esp32 env in extra file platformio_tasmota_env32 .
allow custom authentication and permission classes for docs view
added a recursive find function r_file_find ( )
fix issue with black failing on master and recent prs .
resolving conflicts from patch - 1
adds ability to specify regional endpoints for api gateway .
[ r - package ] json tree dump interface
create a cleaner copy mechanism and future proof tests
correctly tag aarch64 wheels as manylinux_2_24
summary of changes : made _ iterate_slices abstract in base class , moved pre-existing definition from base - > series where it was actually being called ( dataframe already overrides ) made _ wrap_transformed_output abstract in base class , as both series and dataframe override this redefined _ wrap_applied_output ; this was abstract in base class before but its definition was not in sync with how the subclasses actually defined renamed _ wrap_output to _ wrap_series_output as it is only valid for seriesgroupby renamed _ wrap_generic_output to _ wrap_frame_output as it is only valid for dataframegroupby renamed _ aggregate_generic to _ aggregate_frame as it is only valid for dataframegroupby more to come in separate prs
bump versions ( chart and app )
[ ide ] honor #sourcelocation in swift - ide - test 's comment printing
with these modifications and the partially masked test , the r package xgboost 0.6 has been submitted to cran .
with the removal of optional force unwrappings we broke building on macos 10.12 , this is fixed before the migration to swift 5/4 the swift 5 migration was tested on various platforms and combinations of toolchains .
fix race condition in shard group failure callback
use zip_deflated explicitly in the test
separate a big function call to several functions
use whitespace insensitive compare for indentical override detection
hi , i am improving the oal based on @arugal 's new pr , .
move ' trait bounds on const fn ' to separate feature gate
first go : need to fix merging with buildercontext
types for css - to - react - native
redo applying navigation to grouplist child controls
calling fitbounds with a keepinview : true popup present can cause leaflet to lock up
remove top margin and set height for flexbox to vertically align dropdown
[ stable / mysql ] typo in deployment.yaml
adds rgb functionality to keymap .
[ pixmap packer io ] added index based on file name , so can be used for animations
do n't update the sbrk location in emscripten_resize_heap ( ) - leave that to sbrk , which does it anyhow
win : implement double - clicked event .
task dispatch iterates over entire task queue even when no resources are left
this breaks a potential deadlock between worker requests for objects ( through ray.get or ray.wait ) and arguments of queued tasks , when the amount of memory is limited .
migrate homekit_controller to config entries .
py " | flake8 -- diff whatsnew entry in testing.pyx we keep a list of numeric dtypes and use that for type checking .
this pr creates a new system of onboarding for the aws lambda node integration that involves installing an integration instead of setting up the sdk .
added the sentraq number pad keyboard kit to qmk in the sentraq vendor directory .
load the docs part of rendering + the docs page / container lazily in webpreview .
replace stringscore / fuzzy - filter with fuzzaldrin
short description ( up to few sentences ) : fix segmentation fault when the table has skip indices and vertical merge happens .
all function parameters and return values are annotated with python type hints .
add additional readme notes on how to fix the flickering backlight issue
this should close # 10339 also fixes some coverity issues in canvas.c : if the realloc ( ) inside expand_line fails , instead of freeing the entire canvas , just abort the write , or else all future writes will fail ( and from what i understand there were many defects just for this problem ) before considering merging , i would like to wait to check if # 10339 is really fixed ( i was only able to reproduce it in a virtual machine )
redesign update modal , add copy to clipboard
do no fail when a stack requires no updates
update the docker hub account , org and group documentation and images
add src parameters : fix invalid argument definitions : include tests for your changes
edited 3 buttons to tertiary styling .
this pr makes the tf longformer - like models compliant with amp .
fix typo in docstring for gaussianrandomprojection
toggle menu item enable by wininet state
add native support for cpu 128 float .
client #conn , socket #conn is an instance of engine.socket , including properties " request " and " upgraded " .
added chart for churn rates of connections , channels , and queues
set settings.enablebytecodecacheing to true in the reactinit.cpp file to enable this feature .
the code change is tested and works on tasmota core esp8266 v. 2.7.4.1 the code change is tested and works on core esp32 v. 1.12.2 i accept the cla .
fixed timestamps on object files extracted from archives during link .
changes in this pr : removes lightgbm - custom pointers to r data ( r_real_ptr ( ) , r_int_ptr ( ) ) with the standard equivalents from rinternals.h ( real ( ) , integer ( ) ) converts arguments on the c++ side that are accessed that way from lgbm_se to sexp description r is a dynamically - typed language .
this leak leads to # 28923 failing size : snapshot .
allowed s3 key to be empty .
created option for right angle arrows
new features apis cherry pick 4 amp related pr into 2.0 branch : 29756 29621 29597 29562
make network stats version test concurrent
this pull request adds support for core.ignorecase to libgit2 .
i suggest removing " fmt / " prefix in * .
specifically , remove the vector2 , vector3 , rect2 and color return types , i have n't found any valid use case for these .
update libbpf submodule reference to the latest libbpf master commit .
i found there is typo in setting environment github_repository variable for two jobs , however jobs work fine anyway .
fix issue # 80 : union index out of boundary
[ cherry - pick ] support tensor for split and concat , support -1 in num_or_sections , add check num_or_sections ( # 20780 )
fix # 17294 : distinct on subquery with group by may return duplicate result
test : trim function name logic not working
kube - controller - manager panic with azure vmss
test : add coverage for auto confirmation
lower specificity of itemtoelement props to jsx.elementconstructor as it is the minimal type signature .
fix removechild ( ) crash when removing an empty portal
deps : upgrade yara from 3.4.0 to 3.5.0
ak : add buffered <t> which wraps a stream , adding input buffering .
plugin authors to use , the method with the typo is deprecated in 6.x
remove extra dot in the file name of test db .
simplify tests by removing log concept
use quotes to allow dots in data - parent
revert " [ +0 - all - args ] accept guaranteed arguments to unsafe guaranteed . "
promise and callback should resolve core.document <model> , not just core.response
added implementations for tryfrom < { int } > for nonzero { int }
added " mouse move " support .
adding vue - quick - menu to ui components
change the node ssl server credentials api so that a server can have multiple key / cert pairs .
update rollup - plugin - git - version to ^ 0.3.1
change fromkeys to dict comprehension to prevent append working on a list by reference .
fix build warning due to phony output
added links to more community notebooks
info : add -- json option
however , we did not stop linking against brotli.cc .
this pr adds a makefile so as to have an entry point to understand how to locally generate the website .
use snippet from google analytics docs
set defaults for java heap and perms on both i386 and x64_64 architectures .
use nacosservicemanager to manage the life cycle of namingservice and namingmaintainservice when the related configuration is dynamically changed through the configuration center , realize the reconstruction of namingservice and namingmaintainservice
doc : add scipy inventory for intersphinx .
in the dgus_lcd_ui_reloaded code void dgusscreenhandler : : setstatusmessage ( fstr_p const fmsg , const millis_t duration ) but in the function it attempt to use uses the variable msg when it was defined as fmsg updated to use fmsg dgus_lcd_ui_reloaded and all its requirements compiles as expected my test config configuration.zip # 23089
add most of v3 's features and mark where further checking
enables the annotationusestyle , avoidnoargumentsuperconstructorcall , and noenumtrailingcomma checkstyle checks and fixes all violations .
reworks challenge to use argument in function call .
fix ( ruleset ) : allow array of functions returning either string or loader objects
label encoder ( e.g. , scikit - learn 's ) is a general mechanism of mapping values to integers or vice versa .
coconet : cleanup lib_tfsampling and add sampling support to export_saved_model .
updated with info , header and footer
fix merge conflict on master - next due to afc8762 .
refactor : changed phrasing in instructions in curriculum \ challenges \ english \ 01 - responsive - web - design \ applied - visual - design \ use - the - s - tag - to - strikethrough - text.md to make it slightly easier to read and less verbose
description small fix of ripple color for custom switches .
* [ jsfm ] add test case for viewport config
add support for array of customicons
to suggest translations for the few remaining fuzzy messages has associated issue : fixes # 17441 includes db migration ( follow approval process in sip - 59 )
add missing meteor - spk files to travis sandstorm build
new kinesis test , bug fix
networkd : fix route properties .
fixed support for ingress and existingpvc
upsert should compile with options that do nt include returning
fix incorrect row - level filtering
fix ( chromecast - caf - receiver ) : fix eventhandler for castcontextreceiver
add changelog section for unreleased rails 3.2.4 ; document addition of #beginning_of_hour and #end_of_hour to time and datetime core extensions .
here is an implementation for the get api for system feature upgrades .
fix throttle to work on instance - level
[ stable / external - dns ] invalid value for spec.clusterip on 0.5.3 upgrade
fix signedness bug in reverse input mode cycling
fix bug with worker logs / errors not displaying in the dashboard
going forward , fixed / constrained images will take width and height as parameters , rather than the previous option of maxwidth / maxheight for fluid and constrained images .
the stdlib has a panic_immediate_abort feature that turns panics into immediate aborts , without any formatting / display logic .
chore : add missing poweredbyheader field to nextconfig type
, device = ' cuda : 1 ' ) the patch aims to fix the issue .
add count byte interface to stream class
revert " merge pull request # 20429 from microsoft / unchai "
ak : add intrusivelist : : size_slow ( ) to match inlinelinkedlist
a fix for onednn matmul kernel .
to support multiple uris for a job , we need to make the api able to accept multiple uris .
implements a simple env dynamics learner to be used inside different mbrl algos .
centralize position tracking into buffer .
remove dependency on channel to render notes
fixes # 1085 , and to some degree # 881 and # 876 added a snapshotwithoptions test body , and an example of usage in the test - cra app .
resubscribe worker / object table info when gcs service restart
support #if swift ( subminor - version ) , rdar : / / problem / 28786959 / sr - 2908 .
warn when using the wrong renderer 's act around another renderer 's updates
this pr implements the part that passes information to listener and reads the responses .
add team selector to metric alerts with proper permissions
fix : remove rule in tslint.json
removed : use of deprecated liba52
add test for booleanfield ( null = true , choices )
update backward appedding to support double grad .
eliminate extraneous uses of - enable - experimental - conditional - conformances
when we are maximized or fullscreened , check for the presence of the taskbar in auto - hide mode .
aws - sdk : added support for apiversion / apiversions config options .
fix signature for menu item click instance method
add fields api to script fields
disable docker interactions for security - like repos .
fix logic so deadletterconfig can be deleted
upgrade typescript - eslint - parser , use jsxtext instead of literal for strings inside jsxelement
rfc : add commands for parallel pytest
err : validate partial string indexing with tz - aware end - points
fix some errors and remove the module from mypy.ini
manually clean up autogenerated type hints for api.py
this pr just renames parameters seed and nthread to random_state and n_jobs respectively in scikit - learn wrapper with keeping backward compatibility .
re-add [ arm64 ] for manual arm64 builds in prs
merge : test cr / lf conflicts for cr / lf files
added back calls to threadpool.markthreadexecution ( ) and .
[ exclusivity ] make keypath enforcement an error in swift 3 mode .
revert " use xcode instruments to list devices ( # 10801 ) "
description adds emojis to the categories and adds a horizontal rule between cats .
when running on a cluster , users need to know which node to use for http requests .
move node manifests to public dir
official - storybook : move addon - docs stories to subdirectory
context and discussion : tldr : a few teams have the convention to put hooks under a namespace and the current implementation does n't catch hooks that are written this way .
cover the integer values when extracting field values from _ source
strip off the rts / io id from the entity id
use target_endian , not target.arch in cabi_powerpc64
i hereby agree to the terms of the cla available at : fix rare crash caused by using nullable column in prewhere condition .
add bool to int coercion tests for cut and qcut
feat : change the loglevel info to debug in pythonoperator
[ docs ] migrate components / typography / typographytheme
bug fix ( user facing ) code base improvement ( dev facing ) some users do n't know how to properly tick the check boxes .
created spring - mvc - web - vs - initializer project
fixed possible segmentation fault when no arg is supplied
allow init dimension for the diff editor and left / right side editors .
addresses # 20308 this pr ensures polynomialfeatures is compatible with numpydoc : remove polynomialfeatures from docstring_ignore_list .
make the use of mutex an optional feature
fix ordinalencoder fit with unseen category
dynamic keymap ) and m60a .
while reviewing # 17062 the line height of the code blocks seemed a little small .
python2 this required an update to the rules_python dependency to support the namespace package structure that gevent and zope use .
this pr changes the error message for two static patterns in a row .
@types / bigi : wrong return type for ` valueof `
changing the string discussing versions in operator specifications .
add tokenized event to tokenized buffer
this removes remained duplicated runs of ci for prs from the original repo and now is in consistency with appveyor and github actions configs .
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
support versioning out of git tree in debuild
[ codecompletion ] improve context type analysis for dictionary literal
chore : add missing deps to packages
implement _ config.localization to avoid runtime import in ccalendar
this pr upgraded the configuration center plugin , etcd , to v3.x .
# 261 fix for invalid characters in dimensions generated by apps.plugin # 268 netdataerrorcallback ( ) enhancements
adds a check to the prepare - stable script to prevent experimental builds from being published using stable semver versions .
the next changes were made : the description of short script form was added .
this pr proposes to migrate the test_compatible_versions unit test from snapshots to a blocks.log based system .
description : found a bug in pythonegardia package , have fixed it .
directly support multiple axes + keepdims in c++ .
parametrises the tests for vmin / vmax clipping and widening , to test with different combinations of align .
this change shaved 175 kb off of our minified engine javascript .
nested workflow with catch exceptions failed
remove performance tests of type once .
add datetime.now to list of timehelpers #travel_to stubbing [ ci skip ]
this pr fixes the use case where the link is written like this : <a href="helloworld.htm"> <b> hello </b> world </a> with the previous implementation , it returned a link.text set to " hello " .
getting namespace from global context does n't work with ray client
work on remove logging from elasticsearch - nio
ak : eradicate the uses of out ( ) .
null grid cells in sql lab 's result set were no longer returning their muted styling ( italicized and muted gray ) .
i hereby agree to the terms of the cla available at : fix possible crash / wrong number of rows in limit n with ties when there are a lot of rows equal to n'th row .
add build param for targeted windows version
support keyboard cursor move on ios
refactor the query runner to enable async mode .
issue # 2087 : bug fix in eventdispatcher : _ isregister fix .
this refactors incident details components to use typescript and adds additional + more accurate typings .
converts sharp usage based on file paths to file streams , e.g.
update eslint - plugin - storybook
increase scoping to override styled component styles for project - filters - chart class
fix typo in intro to scan in theano notebook .
properly bundle all files in linux install step
use attributes to decide whether mirroring is enabled
revert " win_setup : add product id and product key in facts ( # 34097 ) "
i added title case to the article headings on each of the pages for parts 0 - 5 ( though not all parts needed edits ) .
fixes # 3749 component name nfacct plugin
try to merge hatch and other bosch
to ease review , please open separate prs for separate algorithms .
small test changes concerning parsing time strings in profileresult and collectorresult
tc plugin now cleanups properly ; added tc packets and dropped packets charts
apply the dim curve to the rgb output
remove uniquevalues count from tag display ui .
fixed new groups incorrectly always adding with a z index of 0
replaced hardcoded paths with something kept local to the cheat.sh folder
added implementation to remove script and image tag
irgen : support for computed properties with dependent generic context .
# 4368 greylisted accounts are not allowed to access extended cpu / net limit in a subjective way .
replace " magisk manager " with " magisk app "
update the ergodox / atreus 42 key layouts with cloud 9 ide shortcuts
updated asynchttptestcase teardown to release app references
fix ice in overloaded call with incorrect arity
add ' strict_json ' api setting .
constrain only one window can be opened at a time
this change makes use of the generated protocols for fetchrequest and fetchresponse .
if users feed single persistable variable to pe , this variable will be copied n ( the number of place ) copies , and feed those variable to different place separately .
refactor : update metadata in definition file
pick a good default pmremgenerator cube size , and allow it to be overriden .
replacing source header with full license text
add lzma and zlib support to cmake build system
add testcase for incorrect emit of jsx
create templates with format = nil
added the netif to the temp stored data and added a getter for this .
feature request : stable uuids for default profiles
update text to textcontent for 1.0.0 - rc5
fix renamed parameter typo ( content_type )
added missing properties ' installationid ' and ' getwebviewuseragentasync ( ) ' to ' constants ' declaration
[ cms - sanity ] add ` next_public _ ` to readme env variables
remove global npm install of create - next - app
fix electron eventemitter memory leak in downloads
xrmpageenumattribute - added getvalue and setvalue
added logic to make sure key remaps do n't occur on edit keyboard window
i hereby agree to the terms of the cla available at :
fixed grammar , typos , comments
fix continue in struct for and add a test
your checklist for this pull request i 've read the guidelines for contributing to this repository i made sure to follow the project 's coding style i 've added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works ( if possible ) i 've updated the documentation and the radare2 book with the relevant information ( if needed ) detailed description ... test plan ... closing issues ...
reset latecontext enclosing body in nested items
update compare - mode = nll stderr files to reflect the fix to # 55492 .
add ci for jdk11 compiling .
add missing ' ended ' method to the player declaration .
stop warning on fgets , simple version
this commit updates the settings in the docs .
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
[ flink - 18552 ] [ tests ] update migration tests of bucketingsinkmigrationtest to cover migration till release - 1.11
added missing closing paren to postgresql on conflict clause
fixed an error in backward computation of recurrent layers on return sequences .
chore ( travis ) : skip build on deployment job when from pull request
changes to abi generation to auto populate abi from contract and clause files .
add retries to win32 p_unlink and p_open .
doc : moving user guide to its own directory to help navigation
create build.cfg for split - up pr jobs
move from code.google.com to google.golang.org for google - api - go - client
fix gradle task validation warnings for test clusters inputs
libjs : implement totemporalzoneddatetime and the required aos
set minimum boost version back to 1.67
add nnie imagewatch plugin and working snapshot
nitpicking : add empty newline at the end of the python files that are written .
description : this pr implement alexa smart home api native into home - assistant for our cloud support .
scope : future users of tbd files , as there 's no functionality change outside of it .
implement functions to support a global guid map
refactored webvieweditor into an abstract base and a concrete class to respect ' part ' separation
use resolve - pkg to safely resolve packages just like require ( ) would do instead of manually joining paths with node_modules
currently , commandpalette creates and maintains the switchtotab commands used for the ats .
general cleanup of functions in our asm code ( thanks @uschindler ) .
add get patch support for two / status :
this is done with setting esp32_stage = true in platformio changed esp32 stage to latest commit f7fb00632e0 ... .
recent upgrade of rnw to mux2 .6 caused a second shift in button styling .
wrap state in rc and refcell
the following changes are being made : add classes prop to the sliderunstyled updated buildapi to reflect the definition in the classes for the css section in the api page adds helper tests for the unstyled package removed unnecessary component valuelabelstyled and moved the styles to the valuelabelstyled " slot " component .
kernel / svc : handle error cases for svcarbitratelock ( ) and svcarbitrateunlock ( )
[ flink - 19012 ] [ task ] check state of asynccheckpointrunnable before throwing an exception
added version info and new mp3 player commands
added documentation for loading an external backend
microsoft / vscode # 17324 - implement f4 to navigate results
show dummy view under offscreen mode
added default constructor without properties in topologytestdriver
update arrow to apache / arrow # 2522 which has glog in plasma .
halfkey layouts complete for dvorak and qwerty
fix cdivision error , migrate period_asfreq tests
enh : draft of parallel cv in elastic net
[ ccr ] use indexsearcher to read operations from lucene index instead
opencl : fix wrong implementation of function getnumdevicewithemptyscore
libjs : fix that in bytecode mode functions where not created anymore
to better integrate with codecov plugin , we should enable coverage report for java and python as well .
feat : migrate e2e tests to playwright
this cleans up the behavior tests because they were hastily added for the v2 release .
english translation is actualised from 02.03.2018 version up to 26.03.2018 .
complements # 4431 for assignments instead of declarations .
apply ( ) calls to self._set_group_selection have been replaced with with _ group_selection_context ( self ) : for _ agg_general , _ make_wrapper , and nth .
html - escape jq programs in manual
added basic definition - tester semver check to runner.js
the assertitem failure message pattern in testsubscriber does not match any of the regex patterns defined by intellij to show <click to see difference> link .
a quick solution for allowing those using the master branch to use iob or iob2 formats , and to accept whitespace delimitation on a line other than a pipe .
remove cast as typing stub should now work
i have read the contributing document .
marginrankingloss as new style function .
description : forks more of the implementations between counters and gauges .
chore ( cypress ) : make the load dashboard test behavior driven
intial work on supporting ranalop.dst / src in all archs
fix spelling in premium themes footer
fix issues with gif frame disposal modes ( fixes file download animation reported in # 3291 ) .
refactoring : check types outside of ast and recover from some errors .
how to read data written in elastic search cluster ?
add changes to probe temperature calibration
character problems with character encoding of iso -8859-1 sites
tests for crlf filtering into the repository
update python - hpilo to 4.3
documentation and slight internal refactoring of httpcodecutil
tuned_examples / regression_tests removed ; all tests will be run for both frameworks ( use_pytorch will be removed from the yamls and replaced by command line overrides in bazel py_test ) .
fs : make ensuresavedata create the savedata folder when called for the first time .
refactor completion code for object literals / bindings and import clauses .
obs - frontend - api : add the event of saving replay buffer
add test for missing key prop in app - document
@qlzh727 - for context , these are the files @vishh was using to generate and register a docker image for this repo .
warnings to encourage people to test reactos in vms until it becomes more stable .
change rescue_with - > rescue_from in action cable overview guide
add test for capitalized sscanf format specifiers .
this change set updates the github.com/stretchr/testify dependency to stretchr / testify@7e4a149 .
removing trusted - by section from home page and moving it to a new page .
most network params in dask module is constructed manually based on ips and ports .
fixing the __ init __ s in cross_decomposition .
base : add common indic number forms to font katica regular 10
ref ( relay ) : clean up project config generation and add fast - path
add new free course , and sub-categories added a amazing course of codeigniter , a framework php because frameworks promote code productivity it 's just free it 's a course not a duplicate included author ( s ) if appropriate lists are in alphabetical order needed indications added ( pdf , access notes , under construction )
do n't unregister resolver object until callback complete
throw an error for missing particle texture frame
add some metrics and log for service and client
update baselines from cherry - pick changes from master
i updated the german translation to match the english original .
the new release of multi site configurator ( msc ) will be named multi site orchestrator ( mso ) .
support mapping / packages / <package> / <path> requests to package : <package> / <path> uris in the web device file server
this pr fixes this issue by getting rid of the auto - focusing .
request actor creation if no actor location found
fixing issue with win_iis_website parameter types
[ jenkins - 36923 ] give ownership of bcpkix dependency to bouncycastle - api plugin
when receiving a header name that is an uncompressed literal , the qpack decoder was using the address of the literal , rather than the literal itself , as the header field name .
changes randomnumbergenerator : : result_type to be unsigned
combine the add and merge methods in fieldcapabilities.builder .
i have read the contributing document .
switched from namespace to module declaration and added type declarations for the string types .
fixed dart tests by removing code - gen for included files .
: bug : serialize 32 - bit floating - point numbers as float 32 in messagepack ( 0xca ) # 2196
fix the section headers in the ansible docs that do not follow the allowed section header notation .
set gold fields to empty list instead of keeping them as none
update heading tag from h4 to h2
updates the openssl static library to be linked into the react windows desktop dll .
implement a simple stub feature to use in the time travel helpers
add iris keyboard layout and userspace cleanup
added test cases for spring security expressions
* @annotation : pointer to an annotation .
fix placeholder typo in vendor prefix for ie
support to hour , day , month dimensionalities
propagate all closure requirements to the caller
show cli help when user passed unknown option
add event with old event fields for test
apply controlled / uncontrolled / derived state pattern
update adjust - the - background - color - property - of - text.english.md
description : clarifies the drain time command line option is also used by drain listeners via lds .
widen the autocomplete menu for table names
diagnostic note when matching tuple enum with struct pattern
this is missing a test of the new cudnn support in convolution2d ( here ) .
improve vw hud with laneless and ldw
add gujarati , french , mongolian langulage to new transalation list
backporting a set of patches from 5.6 that improve allow better parsing of the video = strings from the kernel command line .
early stop callback function with the same logic as in xgboost : stopping after n steps without improvement .
added mikesigs to the contributors list
this pr adds code and unit tests that fix issue # 1835 and issue # 1836 .
i hereby agree to the terms of the cla available at : fix crash in generaterandom with nested types .
change accepted log level to info from debug
moved clipper files to external / clipper filter in vs solution
make lightstepsink to send gprc requests to lightstep collectors .
so in that mode , it 's best to run it , to avoid a silly import breaking the wasm .
currently resource variables go undetected by the tensorflowvariables since they do not use the same ops for reading values .
in # 10676 we renamed the internal subtopology class that implemented the topologydescription.subtopology interface .
fix change detection to support onpush
dateformatter.parse ( ) timeout because of its o ( n ^ 2 ) time complexity
this pr contains fixes to the webview api doc , as well as some fixes for other issues found by the linter along the way .
add allow signup option to github oauth
use mockeddatasource instead of h2 data source in spring namespace test cases
remove the isolate parameter of getwrapper
[ stats ] add a test for long input - path bug ( 0e5b982d )
support zero - copy sub-object references in ray .
ice using ` const_generics ` feature
added optional parameters for the crypto.pbkdf2 * functions
hide internal fields from the rest request parser
do n't nack empty updates .
upgrade the yubihsm wallet to use libyubihsm2 .
allow task runner to run async method
[ sourcekitd ] fix range shifting " race " with a fast semantic update
script to automate build , test and release of docker images to dockerhub .
implement http server for html5 export
i have added coverage service link to the repo and to my pull request .
/ a.js " ; var $ 679c7b63be557d242f596b1b4cbcc6a9 $ $ interop $ default = $ parcel $ interopdefault ( $ 679c7b63be557d242f596b1b4cbcc6a9 $ init ( ) ) ; console.log ( " b " , $ 679c7b63be557d242f596b1b4cbcc6a9 $ $ interop $ default ) ;
only 567 orgs ( < .1 % of all sentry 's orgs ) have more than 50 projects which led to the decision to paginate this settings - > projects page ( before after closes sen - 1201
fixed bug in dirichlet ( # 4440 )
add initial files for custom keymap
support audio interruption and resume callback when change earphone status .
fix head - of - line blocking in server
feature flag to register the new encrypted repository type
sil : make adjustfunction type of closures parameterized on whether we use guaranteed closures this is going to go away once we change the default to guaranteed closures .
solve dts == 0 bugs ; solve large aac 2930bytes timestamp bugs
i fixed some english errors and i added more details about video challenges .
loop over protocol for pickle tests
added constraint max_features at least one
add support to reload the page when ask to change the same url .
enh adds attributes back to check_is_fitted
shrinks images in a convolution layer .
[ office - js - preview ] ( excel ) pulling latest type definitions from cdn
add no - for - of lint rule
libweb : add pc css unit
add datatype aliases for time and timestamp
graylog uses layer 4 loadbalancers for tcp / udp traffic ingress , however there was no way to specify the externaltrafficpolicy in order to preserve the client ip address .
added examples to the command module
added additional tests for output argument overload alternatives
this fixes a pathological - sounding - but - it - happened - to - us scenario that caused incorrect template digests for * / * requests that render non-html ( json , in our case ) templates .
* allowrtl should default to true
adds generic type for relayprops to type variables .
introduce and use new apis to perform lookups of existing pre-specializations in a more light - weight way .
fix restore_spilled_objects ( ) for external object spilling
add support for modern coresymbolication elements ## bin
this touches some delicate functions to be messing with , so i 've split off the underlying logic into a function in common and added an exhaustive test .
added initial strings.xml for occitan language
sil : serialize default arguments of inlinable local functions
remove spaces before and after the properties
add str - > int dict in kvstore backend so that module can use the param name to perform update instead of its index @mli @piiswrong
modify the all.xml change the configs of maven - javadoc - plugin in seata-all.xml
i hereby agree to the terms of the cla available at : fix incorrect behavior when alter table ... drop part ' part_name ' query removes all deduplication blocks for the whole partition .
x ] prevented ( and corrected ) single backtick usage in docs .
gl_state : get rid of mismatched sign conversions
i made a brief documentation for shaders .
fix e302 expected 2 blank lines
work on improving telemetry setting description
add test cases for providing key type
add http basic authentication for node .
added tests for 24 - hour time support .
this pr adds selectedtextstyle and unselectedtextstyle parameters to the bottomnavigationbar class .
[ ember ] relax observermethod property name arg
add test for dropout with axes
fix hash key ; enable parallel for cypress
xgboost is a gradient boosting library .
add { loadnewmodules , modules } to angular.auto.iinjectorservice
an implementation of 3 variants of search function on trie .
add thai java book for students basic java programming with data structure & algorithm book for students .
add the find method to the eloquent query class .
this pr changes the colors of all the elements in the edit keyboard and edit shortcuts windows to default as per the os theme .
add comments to the generated header file
added time_series mapping params to scaled_float
make test_complex_chain fail by adding a replaced task
added subtle background , added email and print links
adding slack badge , correcting typos and adding " self - promote " section
fix : ( curriculum ) : rename rdbms cert project
fixes the docstring for encode_plus .
update openstack inventory script to keep basic functionality ( # 43432 )
non-unique index support clarified # 3092 fix assigning a new index to a duplicate index in a dataframe would fail # 3468 fix construction of a dataframe with a duplicate index ref_locs support to allow duplicative indices across dtypes , allows iget support to always find the index ( even across dtypes ) # 2194 applymap on a dataframe with a non-unique index now works ( removed warning ) # 2786 , and fix # 3230 fix to_csv to handle non-unique columns # 3495 modification to cache_readonly to allow you to pass an argument ( allow_setting ) , to ' set ' this value ( useful in order to avoid a computation you know to be true , e.g.
multi-line comments in typescript are n't aligning properly .
updating the submodule of cocos2d - js - tests .
add default network timeout values to the networking troubleshooting guide .
this change allows running coverage test with " trace " log level and dropping all log messages to avoid cluttering stderr / out .
restoring from a snapshot ( which is a particular form of recovery ) does not currently take recovery throttling into account ( i.e.
cherry picked from ( 25f485f ) backport for pr # 54419 nios
add python wrapper for matmul_op and dot_product_attention
make ws callbacks capture weak instance instead of strong instance pointer
simple building and packaging of i18n
this adds a link to training t5 in tensoflow 2 community notebook under the notebooks / readme.md community notebook section .
add some supports to sw6 header .
it was becoming quite annoying to have to open the shell each time i wanted to execute a file , so i did this .
fix : updating link to summary , updating trend queries
do n't use relative paths in checkstyle config
cytoscape : join layout options declarations
improve output of run - windows command
shard level request cache is improved to work correctly at all time .
add smoke test timeout error and tests
fix arraycumsumnonnegative ( ) for consts
fixed ' winston ' to expose a member named ' default ' .
add rfc about how to evaluate proposed scope additions to grammars .
migrate sil serialization tests to swift 4
bug : make dimension compatible with integer
also double - check input / output of strtok_r ( )
resolving a closure , create a new type variable for inferred property
meta : enable rtti for userspace programs
also ensures inferred and auto import projects have name per project service
still , we use next.js module loading system and ssr features .
doc : partial fix sa04 errors in docstrings # 28792
pod array left pad not multiple of element crash fix
[ ast ] fix friendship with anyrequestbase
clojure api docs for the website please feel free to remove inapplicable items for your pr .
the fix for bmfontconfiguration : : parseconfigfile reads string file .
use internal output format for different datatypes instead of relying on
start integration of the first available nightly build before 0.63 .
added handling of duplicate reversible blocks
change variant prop to handle defaultinput
commit message : fixes oss crash in router fuzz tests due to unimplemented features being tested filteraction filter_action in the route message is not implemented but was being tested , causing an assert to fail in routeentryimplbase : : clusterentry risk level : low testing : passed regression test that originally failed on ossfuzz docs changes : n / a release notes : n / a fixes :
bug : np.ma.masked does not preserve identity through pickle
make scheduling queues removetasks return task states as well .
fix cusparse compile bug in cuda11 .2 , test = develop
adds fallback routine for when a font name is missing instead of crashing due to uncaught exception thrown when font can not be found .
grid browser session priority , first cut at working logic with unit tests .
fixed number of led rgb on rart4x4 and pin matrix on rart45 my code follows the code style of this project : c , python i have read the pr checklist document and have made the appropriate changes .
correct source types in * zoneconfig definitions
after # 9665 , this moves the remaining types in posixmodule to be heap - allocated to make it compatible with pep384 as well as modifying all the type accessors to fully make the type opaque .
i translated readme.md and contributing.md into japanese .
enable dev / bots / build_tests for desktop
improve typing deprecation for dep0010 and dep0011
series cov , count , round methods
activate metrics for arrow add rows .
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes :
asyncify , shipping build ( o3 ) , code bloat and increased memory usage between emscripten versions
heron 's formula for area of any ( valid ) triangle .
this pr completes any previously missing pytorch model counterparts to tfmodels in examples / models .
retry urls every 10 min for 90 minutes
add option to dot : : render for monospace font
fix cmake param in build eosio for all platforms
new or updated dependencies have been added to requirements_all.txt by running script/gen_requirements_all.py .
remove jsx task & jsx - internal script
[ docs ] fix up porting guides for cve revert
commit the source - map library .
adding / updating rocm support in the ci_build scripts
maint : re-export a number of sub-modules
clean up story store and remove legacy data
key with hash to support multiple assetsmanager
bug : updating database ptree entires to rapdijson
add option to override format - time with custom implementation .
sql : change the default precision for current_timestamp
allowed s3 key to be empty .
cache queries and check if the schema has updated
support new graphql major ( 15 )
load ee module to make ee classes available on classpath # 591
add failing spec for window size after restore
simplification of the spec handling for asyncmock and correction for how spec_set is handled .
the react 18 alpha ) which are not officially supported .
add dasel to data - structures
new features others add gen_bkcl_id_op for multi baidu kunlun cards training support fleet api for multi baidu kunlun cards training
epe - 721 : add connection management
translation for check table query to russian
remove useless manual bindings for menuitems
remove blog link from the site footer
scripting whitelist api spec : add generatecontextapispec task
repl completer crash while defining struct
* close sockets and streams to fix resourcewarning warnings
add array of streams option to run command .
upgrade to aiopylgtv 0.3.0 and corresponding simplification and cleanup of webostv state tracking
fix ( server ) : strip trailing slash from middleware
# 104384 : fix : skip case sensitivity when checking azure nsg rules # 104382 : fix : ensure instanceshutdownbyproviderid return false for for details on the cherry pick process , see the cherry pick requests page .
update example dags of emr to context manager and bitshift composition .
convert for util.ip to just use a net.ip
[ core ] do n't bail on monorepo typescript task
a few changes in src / core / main.c : fix crash when crashchangevt is specified in config .
re-add the hot - reload gif animation
this pr expands the meaning of include_global_state for snapshots to include system indices .
add failing test for recursive custom fields
docs for net.server.address docs for ws.address cleartextstream was removed 10 major versions ago increase the version number in the header if appropriate .
mount : fix potential bad memory access when / proc / self / mountinfo is empty
nspawn : close unneeded sockets in outer child
change account history api plugin reference in cleos httpc to history api plugin
relates # 38552 ( backport )
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
restore iuo bridging behavior on swift -5.0-branch .
iosapplicationconfiguration updated : landscape / portrait update .
libweb : make element : : tag_name return the html uppercased qualified name
morgan : correct morgan function signature
add production mode and custom config
this is blocking release 3.1.1 ( # 3611 )
fix broken link on 3 - 1 readme files related to # 514 issue
generate spec - compliant graphql query names
back - port of fixes for libavcodec version checks found during # 18146 .
this pr implements directives to tweak the response headers ; model after headers directive of apache .
updated types into a namespace to allow the default function to be fired
transplant assets and welcome screen , refactor
svc : check for word alignment of addresses within svcarbitratelock / svcarbitrateunlock
fixes in left / right bracket functions and other small fixes
this pr fixes a bug when wav2vec2 is trained with batch_size = 1 did you read the contributor guideline , was this discussed / approved via a github issue or the forum ?
this pr tries to modify the rnn encoder decoder book example .
description : fix for timeout error caused by big image icon for notification default image changed to smaller size .
in this pr , i fixed some bugs and add members property to response for the api getroominfo .
avoid searching dictionary in zstd_btlazy2 when an optimal match is found
test ( shells ) : add fuck alias to collection of aliases
exp sigmoid tanh 61 : [ run ] jitkernel.vexp 61 : i1116 17:31:25.289243 70727 jit_kernel_test .
add isinit interface for message bus
ts 3.7 has been released which supports optional chaining and nullish operator .
add " is " methods for projections to a given index
add list style , links style on coding_style .
also , now user can use the feature of dhcp while creating the new host record .
requirementmachine : implement genericsignature : : getlocalrequirements ( ) query
sla miss alert callbacks : allow dags to specify a callback function that can be executed during sla misses .
description : bump nessclient version to use latest release ( 0.9.10 ) , with a handful of fixes which should improve the general stability of this component .
fix : # 9401 note : i added some extra code that checks the operand values which is not strictly necessary , but now the errors are exactly the same as when using mongo shell .
closes t - 1087 this disables workers of all types from being created with a string literal .
initial implementation of pytest tests for stateless queries .
release a bunch of summarization and translation pseudolabels with reasonably nice documentation .
clean up the pytorch model api to support rnns , dict / tuple spaces unify qmix rnn model with model catalog i expect we 'll have to make more changes ( and add more tests ) as we implement pytorch support more fully ; this is just an initial cleanup to better unify qmix with pytorch a3c .
added qwerty and command layers moved modified tap keys to press instead of release added one shot modifiers organizational changes my code follows the code style of this project .
discrepancy in output between error.stack and thrown error
this pull request patches fs.access and fs.accesssync to support paths in asar archives .
maint : use single failure path in py_ufunc_genericreduction .
added relation prediction , removed from wishlist
remove page path in the browser log query condition .
[ release ] increase prompts version 1.2
save settings file instead of sending ipc message added file watcher to track changes in the settings.json updated ui unit tests what is include in the pr : linked issue : # 11077 communication : i 've discussed this with core contributors in the issue .
[ test ] disabled several autodiff tests for back_deployment_runtime .
so , this pr add support acl for google cloud storage .
expand use of xdsresourcetype outside of xdsapi into xdsclient .
addresses # 20308 this pr ensures linearsvr is compatible with numpydoc .
bug fixes apis this pr fixes several problems in dy2stat for deoldify model in paddlegan .
short description ( up to few sentences ) : fixes # 5990 detailed description ( optional ) : for csv input format : consider unquoted null literal as \ n ( if setting format_csv_unquoted_null_literal_as_null = 1 ) initialize null fields with default values if data type of this field is not nullable ( if setting input_format_null_as_default = 1 )
make get categories with post consistent and update docs
call startanimatiom on m_scalecombined for scalex / scaley animations
added option to sign sub-commands that produce one transaction .
add module for ucs dns server
array with multi / exec .
add maxfontsize and minfontsize to series that have it .
first stab at moving nuget creation to github
others others add flags_call_stack_level to control call stack of error message if flags_call_stack_level == 0 , only the error message summary will be shown .
this pr cleans up mmdloader and adds document .
polish dy2stat error message : ( 1 ) add flag ( * user code * ) for original dygraph code ; ( 2 ) " in user code : " - > " in transformed code : "
chore ( snowflake - sdk ) : re-lint type definitions
cleanup , add support for stroking
basic bsdfs meshstandardmaterial - > roughnessnode , metalnessnode , normalnode simplification of nodebuilder code generator and depedencies ( biggest update of this pr ) normalmap support 30 + math functions to mathnode colorspacenode all three.js encoding functions ( automatic use in texturenode ) temporary variable system : tempnode structnode support new lightcontext ( more generic ) expressionnode for inline code webgpu - selective lights / / physicallightingmodel example / / reflectedlight use the same standard native of threejs const glslcode = void ( inout reflectedlight reflectedlight , vec3 lightdirection , vec3 lightcolor ) { re_direct_physical ( reflectedlight , lightdirection , lightcolor ) ; } const physicallightingmodel = new functionnode ( glslcode ) .
refactor python test code into reusable classes .
fast forward / rewind buttons in background mode
add global switch for backward compatibility and fix infer shape bugs
avoid double computation of screen lines when opening files
add some new thread metric and class metric to jvmmetric
description this pr migrates the doc 's breadcrumbs page to hooks .
second variables with better names to improve readability .
include bash launch scripts in / bin / with the windows installer
switch universal example to webpack - dev - middleware .
summary this change adds the material 3 text style names to the texttheme api .
first , cleans things up by moving all the seen_datetime and seen_integer variables to the tops of their respective blocks .
i also added some stuff to the rllib training docs to extend the table of contents .
use globalthis for global scope access .
revision to include support for moz
style : remove use in pd.api.dtype in test_floating.py ( # 39203 )
fix pie label layout in multiple cases .
normalize favicons , tiles and touchicons
support execution constraints per exec group
merging commits that went to rc but skipped rcbugfix .
improvements on set livechat department by name ,
# 129 this was a refactor to handle adding new 64k pages when existing heaps are used up .
android emulator bugfix for 0x501 and 0x502 opengl errors correction in code spacing .
meta : implement support for the " unlinkable " wasm spectest assertion
fix : additionally show smali code of all inlined classes ( recursively )
fix authentication failure for some apis
added a via layout for the frosty flake controller for the coolermaster quickfire rapid .
removing dev additions from the package.json
description : add missing documentation for addon_restart and addon_stdin for hassio integration in services.yaml file .
add data considerations section to the descrition of twenty_newsgroups datasets
take the apparent type of the source in type argument inference
added cve -2019-11358 to the security release archive .
the reasion is that java version naming rule change in java 9 .
this pull request adjusts the visual testing with storybook documentation to be more accurate and streamlined .
maint : re-export a number of sub-modules
add additional checks if arrays are equal to avoid costly function call
fix compression ratio regression # 1
pass " preload " attribute to guestviewmanager
this exposes the torch distributed optimizer settings by adding it as the top level " ddppo " trainer .
output of treeexecutor is not sorted after optimize final deduplicate
nodes types filters order not kept for _ nodes api
implements the community id hash that will allow correlating network connections detected by osquery with other tools that support the standard ( zeek , suricata , etc. ) .
fix legalization of autodebug with standalone mode [ ci skip ]
fix : react hooks helper test
removing postgresql query filter on message
add default fulfilled / rejection handler to promise
kafka - 12541 introduced a regression for listoffsets requests for non maxtimestamp specs .
bug : df.style.apply ( subset = ... ) argument only works for explicit slices but not " : "
doc : fix doc linking , was referencing private submodules .
enh : enhance meshgrid to generate 3d grids , sparse grids , matrix indexing .
add type definitions for channelgroup methods to pubnub type definitions
react - navigation ontransition prop passing
tslint.json should be present , and tsconfig.json should have noimplicitany , noimplicitthis , and strictnullchecks set to true .
convert dashboards list page to functional component
cherrypicked from : ebdf78d backport pr for check point unit tests for the following module from pr # 62216 : test_cp_mgmt_access_layer.py test_cp_mgmt_access_layer_facts.py test_cp_mgmt_access_role.py test_cp_mgmt_access_role_facts.py test_cp_mgmt_administrator _ .
this pr adds a css that allows us to split and align lines correctly .
docs : migrate variant anchorplayground demo to emotion
libjs : implement basic functionality of array.from ( )
coverage on pandas not being reported to codecov
added frequent bloggers of react native .
this updates the alert details page sidebar for the change alerts .
convert iris to split - common
add example with magic and passport.js
migrated popover component 's mouse over interaction demo from class components to hooks
this pr manages a second " feedrate " applied only to g0 moves .
[ ml ] add datafeed field to the job config ( # 74265 )
breaking change : n / a description : improve log error and debug messages to help understand unexpected errors .
add a separate nativesrcsconfigs module to handle android studio constraints for native code editor support .
five new documents : how netdata 's metrics collectors work enable or configure a collector collect system metrics with netdata collect container metrics with netdata collect application metrics with netdata see netdata / learn # 285 for additional context .
adds unit and integration tests for updating the backend config .
bug : date_range is inconsistent when given mixed tz aware and tz unaware start / end
clang - format and clang - tidy fixes for 0a293ece
updates flickity definitions for v2 and enables use as a module
add intellij idea support to gradle build
fix merges in the night conflict
this is a significant reorganization of the diff code .
fix mono export template build errors .
hide any commandline ( cooked read ) we have before we begin a resize , and show it again after the resize .
[ r - package ] replace r_as_int with r built - in
update babel - plugin - macros types to match docs
error for serialize function object with variable passed in
switch win_hosts to use csharp util
fix bug # 3441 , # 4072 , # 4173 : 8 - point fundamental matrix calculation error
fix ctor evalling in wasm when just some can be removed # 5391
added lexrange related methods with limit options redis command zrangebylex key min max [ limit offset count ]
more cleanup and removal of new simulated - time routines that i did n't wind up using .
enh use hasattr " predict_proba " in bagging
this adds a new mode to process-stats-dir.py that handles evaluating expressions over specific stats - dir values .
fix incorrect row - level filtering
fix ( config ) : avoid recursion when interpolating
set value of isselected _ in selected ( ) method
added language to code fences for python for everybody
move json : : to_string to http thread pool
add dynamic sampling configuration to projects .
notes : fix fuzzy font rendering when hot - plugging displays on macos catalina
build terms bucket from matching ordinals
[ flutter_tools ] move ios to assemble
test ( polar ) : add test for polar bars with roundcap
user guide for histogram based gbdts
allow evaluating trivial drop glue in constants
added response checks to all curl and git network calls .
update the example data format and link to each others
bump kiwigrid version to the latest
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
add typing for bfs and make the code more brief .
add some warnings to warn users what they are doing .
fix ( lint ) : use recommend if config without tags
description of your pull request and other information fix # 23872 by remove non-existing ' ytdl test pl ' change ' ydl_empty_list ' fix incorrect playlist_count for
[ r - package ] fix r examples and lgb.plot.interpretation
configure.ac and netdata - installer for dual aclk
this pr moves the os detection method to common and removes the os - detection dll project .
initial pass at a rocksdb jni cross-platform fat jar .
this adds visit * methods for the astbuilder to convert an antlr tree into a ql tree .
test for amd resolution setting the recursive directory watcher in the parents of root folder
[ mathjs ] more fixes for renamed functions
enable the no - var linting rule in src / core / metrics.js
fix link error for " what can i do " part add " related reports " part for english version see what it looks like here : @ 996icu
isolate polymorfic code to individual functions to speed up inlining decisions in node .
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
for 2 options not include in es-help.txt but present in help.txt
webgpu_compute : update of glsl - > wgsl
fixed change in rtl.nl url pattern
fixed block reporting to work for trimmed block logs .
build - root - filesystem : explicitly add + rx for group and others to copied files .
fix double - dash param usage ( eg : -- help ) adds - version parameter sync output of - version and qt aboutdialog merge ui models for aboutdialog and helpmessagedialog
adding required flags to non-default arguments .
add command line option to ignore kernel threads on unix systems
only show explore and edit buttons for a slice if user has explore or edit access .
added a check for black formatting to ensure only formatted code is merged to the master branch .
ui styling to clearly indicate elevated ( admin ) window
install specific salt version on aws , based on gce
description : improve support for 1 .
changed language for project euler problem - 2
[ styles ] fix potential private classname if deserialization is too good
introduce a new static setting , gateway.auto_import_dangling_indices , which prevents dangling indices from being automatically imported .
adds support for rbac and pod security policies for elasticsearch - curator
handle the scenario when heritage clause of interface is not entity name expression
shader / other : add error message for some s2r registers
[ fragment ] generalize fragmented media file downloader
supply unittests for parsing of json value as root element ( rfc7159 ) .
add parse / react - native definitions
bug : fix to allow x.fill ( tuple ) where x is a struct array
update readme.md to include block for pdf printing
exclude all of " marshal.h " when py_limited_api is defined .
this warmup lr can be combinated with other learning rate strategies .
auditd_fim_events : add process uid and gid .
do n't build wavm tools any longer
[ docs ] moves breaking change from 6.0 to 6.4
temperature.cpp : add pid conditional integration on heated bed .
a would like to add " logging " subsection to microservice security cheat sheet with design recommendation on how to implement logging subsystem in microservice - based systems .
use another character device in this test as / dev / console seems that it is different for lxc containers
wip - ui - based bigquery connection configuration
add new plugin emacs , to take benefit of daemon capabilities of emacs > = 23
tuyamcu : implement support for battery powered protocol
here 's a more detailed change list of this pr : do not always flush state stores when calling pre-commit ; move statemgr.flush into post-commit to couple together with checkpointing .
features included in this pr : server - side of tls 1.3 key - exchanges : secp256r1 and x25519 resumption zero - rtt sni alpn ocsp stapling todos : correctly handle partial record receives log session ids ( no need , since we do n't log session tickets for tls 1.2 ) support for logging secrets ( since we can not do this in openssl 1.0.2 ) log if the request was early - data it 's hard , and we might not need this ; let 's postpone testing
this pr adds a script to generate language - specific documents and push to github .
[ runtime ] handle tuple / tuple dynamic casts that add / remove labels .
remove app.framework and fluttermacos.framework link step in template build phase .
added an image for the typekev showcase submission
this adds the audio frame classification ( equivalent of token classification ) and x-vector ( speaker embedding extraction ) heads to wav2vec2 and unispeech - sat models .
the version of lobpcg in scipy has recently benefited from some bug fixes .
updated netlify demo url and description
t - adds gleed map documentation and license headers
replaced the " shallow " directive todo - escape with the native angular ng - keydown .
windows terminal issues caused by winpty
littlefs : avoid crash when fs size is 0
this should fix issue # 5990 serde 's # [ serde ( with = " serde_bytes " ) ] field attribute signals that vec <u8> is meant to be binary data and should map to flexbuffer 's blob instead of vectoruint .
use console log for client again
fix omitempty / optional indicator on cabundle fields
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes : <
option - p to specify persistence path save persistence files on sigterm too ( not only sigint )
fix issue in asv.conf.json for win32 + other environment
tests : add trimstring ( ... ) tests
fixed test util imports in remaining pandas / tests files
grunt now adds copyright comment to top of video.js
added mask rcnn 3x multi-scale training config result model box ap mask ap mask_rcnn_r50_fpn_mstrain - poly_3x_coco 40.9 37.1 mask_rcnn_r101_fpn_mstrain - poly_3x_coco 42.7 38.5 mask_rcnn_r101_caffe_fpn_mstrain - poly_3x_coco 42.9 38.5 mask_rcnn_x101_32x4d_fpn_mstrain - poly_3x_coco 43.6 39.0 mask_rcnn_x101_32x8d_fpn_mstrain - poly_3x_coco 44.3 39.5 mask_rcnn_x101_64x4d_fpn_mstrain - poly_3x_coco 44.5 39.7 mask_rcnn_regnetx - 400mf_fpn_mstrain - poly_3x_coco 35.7 37.6 32.8 34.4 mask_rcnn_regnetx - 800mf_fpn_mstrain - poly_3x_coco 38.0 39.5 34.7 36.1 mask_rcnn_regnetx - 1.6gf_fpn_mstrain - poly_3x_coco 39.5 40.9 36.1 37.5 mask_rcnn_regnetx - 4gf_fpn_mstrain - poly_3x_coco 42.2 43.4 38.3 39.2
update doc strings and examples to support 5 - point face model
moves the non-multistream specific state to its own class .
[ stable / kong ] added custom nginx template injection capability via config map
add direct call mode for normal tasks in java worker .
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
fix test cases related to dynamictype
replacing the deprecated method " random.choose " to " random.choice " was technically not part of the original issue .
md to include link to faq about the code of conduct
two riscv - related improvements : update opcodes from binutils - gdb .
allowing collapsers to return multiple values per request argument .
test the behavior when using unix - domain - socket based backend
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
add basic support of tcplisterner for hermitcore .
move scalarmaybeundef into the miri engine
[ client ] fix slavereadenable = true not work sometimes when cluster deployed on dledger mode
also , a separate feature request specific template should hopefully encourage more detailed feature requests .
[ constraintsystem ] handle binding nullability in producer instead of collector
enh : allow regex matching in ` fullmatch ` mode
use shared memory atomics ( wherever possible ) for building histograms .
this is the first in a series of prs that updates the mandatory passes for semantic sil .
use register_code16 and relatives for tapdance code
extending robotics shadow hand with touch sensors
[ fixcode ] add ( as anyobject ) fixit to the whitelist
move asv benchmark suite to scikit - learn
add ts min version header to webgl - ext
this pr adds this feature .
add kernel stack trace option to capable
this pr fixes some incorrect results and exceptions being thrown by the calculator plugin which might be slowing down pt run .
cherry - picked re-roll of # 4156 this is to support the version 2 of the rigidbot motherboard .
update babel - preset - env to 0.0.8
update path to test262 and rwc tests files in the runners
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes : since this pr # 19777 got closed i picked it to provide the same fix increase the version number in the header if appropriate .
parser : remove unneccessary wrapping of return value in parse_extern ( )
allow extra constructor parameters when building user
change image path for getting started panel
modify roi_perspective_transform_op to output mask and transform matrix
abstract support locales and fix few bugs .
decreases checkstyle errors for ambassador pattern
changed the warning message to give information about the request generating it as requested in : # 2927 tested with spider : import scrapy class quotesspider ( scrapy.spider ) : name = " test_spider " custom_settings = { ' download_warnsize ' : ' 123 ' , } def start_requests ( self ) : urls = [ ' ] for url in urls : yield scrapy.request ( url = url , callback = self.parse ) def parse ( self , response ) : page = response.url.split ( " / " ) [ - 2 ] filename = ' test_spider - % s.html ' % page with open ( filename , ' wb ' ) as f : f.write ( response.body ) self.log ( ' saved file % s ' % filename ) which gives the requested warning message : 2017-10-05 15:41:01 [ scrapy.core.downloader.handlers.http11 ] warning : expected response size ( 606 ) larger than download warn size ( 123 ) in request < get
the existing test checks for a single user when trying to fuse a random number generator instruction .
expose metrics_export_port to ray start & ray.init support discovery of metrics export port through ray.nodes ( ) pass metrics_agent_port to core worker instead of getting it from ray_config_def.h .
description : fixes glances startup errors for docker containers that are not running .
proc_macro : clean up the implementation of quasi-quoting .
add type definitions for koa - send .
fix bug where file.m_file did n't exist in __ del __ ( ) if we used file.close ( ) first
backports some prs ( linked below ) needed for numpy 1.13.0 support in master to 0.18.x .
this pr increases the test coverage by building and testing the library in c++ 98 , 03 , and 0x mode with travis .
regr : pd.read_csv segfaults with 1.2 ( has worked since before pandas 1.0 )
this pr fixes a severe issue for which changes in the properties modal of a dashboard wo n't be fully saved when the onlyapply prop was used .
[ stable / spinnaker ] : allow kubeconfig to be referenced from encrypted s3 bucket
update defintion of fenced code block closing tag to support spaces .
fix httpclient keep alive with chunked encoding .
fix : launch docs link in external browser
gsb : diagnose redundant superclass requirements using the redundant requirement graph
rename " recipes " folder to " usage "
type : refactor description : reduced the padding and size of the input elements of the data privacy rules form component before : after : the height of the input fields was 40px and it is 34px
-- replay - blockchain will not attempt to recover the reversible blocks by default .
add path exists and get file size
this directly addresses issue # 42157 , adding the rls as a non-default component in the mentioned installers .
look for plugins in the playbook 's basedir
move ( slow ) locals frame object to per - thread stack .
fix apigateway model state fetching add integration tests issue fixed : # 3888 apigateway on cloudformation ca n't find ref on resource
adding sourcetree macos tutorial and assets
commenting on the cliconf support call for ios - xr modules for ansible 2.9 , as the call for support deprecation was added during the early stage of module development and is not relevant currently .
restore alpha support to color picker as a separate property type .
dart , tests now check if pointermoveevent and pointerdownevent have correct buttons .
core : add support for setting stdin / stdout / stderr for transient services
feat ( learn ) : clarify instructions for boilerplate
bug : do not " own " the fid for gzipfile and file if provided to load already opened ( ticket # 2178 )
adds column to the options table for scriptable
the external - dns chart can use a secret containing a credentials.json for google cloud dns
this pull - request slightly adjusts the current error handling code to improve exception safety and enable switching the error handling to user - defined exceptions ( by defining rapidjson_parse_error_early_return ) .
enhance sub op support for thumb arch
install incremental external dependency integration code
ignore task priorities in the actor runtime .
clean up floydtriangle ( ft.java )
fix : isjoi is removed from joi object
use 4k flash with emulation to save settings on robin e3d
fix ( challenge ) : update user challenge map on challenge complete
update selectable text tests for new space select behavior
[ docs ] audit indices settings for remote cluster
with this pr we strongly type this in methods of object literals and provide a facility for controlling the type of this through contextual typing .
small fix to resolve issues caused by using the init container used to install plugins .
allow insecure urls with warnings ( # 4307 )
fileio : bump limit for read_full_file ( ) and friends to 64m
[ experiment ] stick a cache in front of lazy member loading
- create custom variables duplex_state and operstate under the bandwidth chart
adding userspace and keymaps of mine .
use a webpack plugin to combine assets .
move routecontext from result package to route package
flags for matching auto - fans
path : do n't let direach overwrite the callback 's error message
treat type variables and special typing forms as immputable by copy and pickle
[ docker ] [ autoscaler ] failure to setup head node on recycled head
documentation showing that emojiindex.search ( ) returns an array of emoji source showing that the emojiindex.emojis returns an object of emojidata when multiple skin tones exist .
ref ( templates ) : remove unused project and team base templates
fixes kubernetes / client - go # 66 .
do n't build remote - test - server with the stage0 toolchain
revert " bugfixed router.map and router.maproute "
refactor logic that transform variable to densetensor
adds an option to export detection models with input node that accepts encoded image strings .
add support for netcup dns api
fix link to bsd -2-clause license
[ stable / coredns ] update to latest version 1.0.6
support show single table rule statement .
test : codegen : skip catch - unwind on riscv64
center rolling window with date notimplementederror
related issue = # 1905 # 2078 # 2085 atomic add may crash when adding negative numbers .
remove the need for extra interfaces in node_provider to support custom node types each node type now gets a custom node_config section , which is merged with the default node configs require specifying the default head / worker node type in multi node type clusters i 've run scripts / format.sh to lint the changes in this pr .
udev / net : initialize coalesce tristate variables
editor association should have ui piece in settings editor
optimizegraph ( ) to reimplement create_inference_graph ( ) method , and fix a bug in getdeviceandallocator ( ) where it does n't set the cuda_device_id even if the device is found .
disambiguous some method call sites when calling from kotlin
have localscalar work with all 1 element tensors , not just scalars .
make sure users know that graphql schema can also be done via the ui
i implemented the binomial and multinomial sampling .
and fix # 715 ( the disassembly interface is too messy ) this change is
increased the vertical margins between the 3 settings since they are not related to each other .
after a post from user " tann " on discord #android channel we 've realised some inconsistencies on the libgdx default color format ( rgb565 ) and the platform defaults on android ( rgb888 ) and ios ( rgba8888 ) .
ci : remove tools from agent for disk ( # 10775 )
make the symbol writing api on the text writer
provide two grafana dashboard settings .
[ jquery ] introduce interface for jquery.fx .
added padding test case for averagepooling1d
produce targeted diagnostic when using doc comments on fn args
[ exclusivity ] enable access markers for the entire - onone pipeline .
platform miflora stoped working on 0.78.0
libobs : add audio_monitoring source signal
start the server with ssl enabled if the client also uses ssl
update license and document of new oal engine .
updated android library to android 4.4 for immersive mode
update the tutorial to use the updated version of graphiql with the explorer pane .
ensure that euclidian_distances method passes numpydoc validation
description : this adds support for the homekit battery service - so battery powered homekit accessories can now report their battery percentage , if they are currently charging and if their battery percentage is low .
fix na_position when sort_values by categorical values
update e0088 to new format , remove e0090
made the functions once , debounce , throttle , after to accept function with generics signature .
add types for fingerprintjs2 v2 , fix config for v1
tweaks to create a single - file decoder
improve performance of elementwise_add grad op ( # 29187 )
this pr adds 2 extra tests for gridlayer zoom - in and zoom - out animation on " graphical browsers " ( i.e.
support projection feature for lstm on cpu ( only inference ) ( # 17702 )
improve comment and function name .
implement dlpack to paddle tensor conversion , add " tensorfromdlpack " function to tensor_util.h , support cpu and gpu .
[ api - minor ] add support for pagemode in the api ( issue 8657 )
fix no - declare - current - package lint
[ keyboard ] neo keys palette g67 hotswap
migrate api serverless handler to typed handler
fix broken __ match_args __ logic
fix ( aws sqs ) : fix referencing lambdas with provisioned concurrency
do n't await profiles for custom ptys , ensure createterminal returns
added option to seafile controller to configure host to bind seafdav service to using seafdav.conf
add scala docs to several methods
whenver we cant use state delay signature calculation and use source file version as signature
prefer platform : : string over wstring in calcviewmodel
make the layer cache more efficient
added stat for connected state of control plane
this pr adds support for the decrqss ( request selection or setting ) escape sequence , which is a standard vt query for reporting the state of various control functions .
this is an update to # 3751 to provide an error back to the client when database inserts fail .
basic / virt : add missing includes to compile on ppc64
move non-provider specific upgrade tests logic to upgrades package
reload closest store on api request
add rationale about decorators for the 1.15 changes
todo : remove print button fix / add print button restyle progress bar re-arrange the zoom options to stephen 's specs .
bug : raise ambiguoustimeerror for date_range with ambiguous start time .
/ system / edit - config.in with shfmt - w - i 2 - ci - sr
docs : add links for cheatsheets
d.ts files generated via -- declaration
we execute global plugins along with the non global plugins as we have removed the space requirement following the action keyword .
fix multiple functionmanager instances lead to unexpected behavior about classloader
update spdy to avoid redeclaring node types .
fixes # 998 the sls variables xxx type commands now support the serverless variable hierarchy ( common , stage and region ) .
chore : remove hard - coded domain for multi-domain
add librsvg2 - bin in readme
add test case for sqlserver output clause without output table column .
store_borrow 's result as an interior pointer into the stored guaranteed value ,
libhttp : handle chunk sizes that start with zeros correctly
minor : move restart of kafka node inside grabbing the monitor
exclude theme starters from markdown - magic
clang - format and clang - tidy fixes for 9cc3951d
now builds static instances correctly .
this pr allows disabling individual rgb matrix effects in userspace .
to constantly respond to container failures , i add a health check to all integrations .
move user - agent : to the new metadata traits system ( and away from the old callouts system ) .
move <diagram/> styles inside <diagram/> component
put an x in all boxes that apply added dropbox to the list because i used it for some years for screenshotting , it worked great and it was n't already added in here .
[ sourcekit ] expose the data variant sourcekitd apis in the swiftlang wrapper
emit a compile time provided send_string ( ) macro on a new keycode , and assign it to _ fl define a new keycode ( pstoken ) and assign it to a key in the _ fl layer .
this contains some small changes that resolve some of the pr06 errors from running .
ability to get pod name with kubectl in cgroup
docs : upload screenshot for oauth installation
bug : dataframe.where with category dtype
integration test for default bridge init with invalid cluster config
created a custom keymap for gmmk pro that includes a working volume knob .
support for vivaldi & brave browsers for " openchrome.applescript "
ref : collect get_dst_info methods in tslibs.vectorized
[ flutter_tools ] try to retry app startup to see if reduces flakes
fix collections.abc deprecations with python 3.7
populating date field in platform_info ; added function to convert filetime to iso8601 date fmt
move usage tests to memory filesystem
add error message when non owner tries to add a user to a dashboard
support windows unicode file path .
get rid of unsafecell in cloudabi rwlock .
feature : add support to manually add repositories
add the labex digicosme logo to the funders list in about.rst @gaelvaroquaux i miss some informations like the period when tom and mathurin have been funded .
feat ( test ) : add very simple bincases test infra to build off of
reduce the occupied size of memory for the fused pattern of elementwise_add op and activation op ( relu op for example ) ( # 29885 )
dump compiler warnings to * .
this pr provides the marlin support for the ( hopefully ) upcoming usb composite feature ( sd card and cdc usb ) in the st stm32 library .
gui : allow generating bech32 addresses with a legacy - address default
nproc for ubuntu , hw.logicalcpu for mac
prevent the use of custom resolvers for dns discovery types
add ioslice ( mut ) : : advance
themeeditor : display the theme 's window icons in the preview
change behavior of suggested server language on footer of login page
with - firebase - hosting : update next.js 6 , readme about customization
[ docs ] updates ccr hyphenation
gpu / shader : do n't predicate instructions that do n't have a predicate field ( ssy ) .
changed incorrect home page url for allenai from appenai.org to allenai.org
this fixes two bugs : the prune setting range was set after loading the current value .
add registered scorers for all components
this pr mutes multiple tests on windows .
share the " added " and " removed " events across dispatches in object3d to cut down on allocation when adding and removing objects a lot .
enable extra keys to support media keys that are placed on default keymaps .
control module updates in a very high rate .
add fetch to coins in coingecko - api types
modernize remaining uses of 0 / null instead of nullptr ( c++ 11 )
python sample for # 16662 i agree to contribute to the project under opencv ( bsd ) license .
shell scripts : fix bare variables
[ docs ] remove languages from constants
follow up to # 17538 fixes all lint errors in js / shaders .
test : add report generation script for visual regression testing
fix kubectl port - forward for services with explicit local port
[ braintree ] change search function to use streams
update of english version of descriprion of the table function file .
[ docs ] adds testing to api key examples
tree - wide : use mfree more
py " | flake8 -- diff whatsnew entry before this change , when the series.interpolate ( ) method was called with invalid arguments , exceptions with informative messages would be raised internally , but then caught and suppressed .
pack : use git_buf when building the index name
simplify the class hierarchy in controller by merging master and servermaster .
it updates vaultingkube version and add labels to metadata following other projects .
implement ondidterminatependingstate but not ondiddestroy code const { emitter } = require ( ' atom ' ) class somepaneitem { constructor ( ) { this.emitter = new emitter ( ) } getelement ( ) { return document.createelement ( ' div ' ) } terminatependingstate ( ) { this.emitter.emit ( ' did - terminate - pending - state ' ) } ondidterminatependingstate ( callback ) { return this.emitter.on ( ' did - terminate - pending - state ' , callback ) } gettitle ( ) { return ' some - pane - item ' } geturi ( ) { return ' atom : / / some - pane - item ' } } open it as a pending item with a call to atom.workspace.open ( item , { pending : true } ) double - click on the tab title verify that the item terminates its pending state and becomes a non-pending item verify correct behavior for paneitem that implements ondiddestroy but not ondidterminatependingstate implement a new paneitem with an opener .
use stringtopdfstring to sanitizing bad " prefix " entries in page label dictionaries
bug : add missing val handling to hdfstore.put
travis ci is a free hosted continuous integration platform for open - source projects .
remove isnumeric util function and use lodash isfinite instead
handwired / reddot : configurator support
add the most basic fastapi support , passing the following test .
fixes # 7300 , display docsurl as line or content
more colors in - dump - ast and - dump - parse .
remove spurious calls to start_block in other plugins
changed const enum to enum to fix linter
change pwm updated to the latest version of arduino pr # 7231
adds a url - tvg attribute with a guide from iptv - org / epg if available .
revert " add a profile for debugging tests that run from maven ( # 11011 ) "
add comments with ascii art for the two layouts in keymap_common.h .
ns : language : add brazilianportuguese to applicationlanguage
add support for writing foreground / background indices to registry
keyboard : added support for hid liberation device
add dcompact layout implementation for levinson keyboard
add index entry for agnostic operating systems topic
personal map for matrix noah using new 6.25 u bottom row iso
[ ae / ca / osx ] - fillup the stream with up to 64 unknown channels fixes support for studio audio devices with more then 16 unused / unknown channels in one stream - fixes # 15874
fix crash when vaapi can not be initialized
gwt input make keyforcode overridable , use setcatchkey to prevent browser 's default behaviour
it appears that something went wrong with the flink cluster .
add expression helpers to aid with differing data widths
addition of python implementation and cpp code fix .
n / a if the code does not interact with devices : tests have been added to verify that the new code works .
fix xiaomi power strip v1 support ( closes : # 13749 )
feat : allow to use typescritpt in the config file
add python3 .6 and python3 .7 support in padde build scripts
utilizing feature flag for html escapement
currently the work of dispatching semantic events to recognizer callbacks is done by rawgesturedetector .
expose non-self-register extend api for extensions .
use the helper function check_scalar from sklearn.utils to validate the scalar parameters .
[ r - package ] ` lgb.cv ` ignores ` verbose ` argument
closes # 14743 adds proper support for generating commands from select events on multi-selects i had originally overlooked multiple selects in the original implementation - this should add full support .
test for https but fallback to http if necessary
fixes # 3604 where increase / decrease font size bindings were not working .
implementation of the parameter normalize in bayes.py
kernel : add support for hypervisor cpuid feature
svm : add test for service with no provider constructor [ gr - 19958 ]
psexec : handle socket errors ( connection timeout )
implemented ninja aabb vs aabb collisions
description : move smartthings integraiton library imports to the top of the modules and use library constants in sensor / binary_sensor modules .
added tests for order with order
clang - format messed up doxyfile.c + + , restored
spawn fastcgi process using the specified user
remove last places where diagnostics replied on information from constraint system and instead adjust them to use solution associated with a fix where possible .
figured i 'd suggest it in the pandas ecosystem if it could be useful to others .
improve repo ( free - programming - books.md ) fix incorrect markdown syntax .
fixes the invariant test for sample weights as mentioned in issue # 11316 ( refactor tests for sample weights ) .
added missing inet_pton ( ) for windows phone
refactor gov spring namespace to cluster
allow to replicate a subset of database tables
extract helper method for common logic across tests
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
description : now that zigpy gets the node descriptors for devices and persists them w e no longer have to .
category choose one bug fix enhancement ( new features , refinement ) the js code in the deck.gl examples was n't working correctly .
react - devtools update - notifier interval change to 7 days & msg updated with yarn command
when controlling animation progress using animated.value lottie animation was flickering with android .
bug : iloc ( axis = 1 ) .
fix single line text trimming issue
to ease cross-development gentoo alows installing only fully qualified toolchains tools : x86_64 - pc - linux - gnu - ar and similar .
* fix hashttpcapability issue with bitbucket shortcut resolver and private repo ( closes # 4393 )
store all waves and select on combobox
hot exit - implement support for metadata
avoid injecting unfulfilled dependence in compiletest on libnative .
wip : replace json / ujson with srsly
implement most of the rest of ea interface
cleanup http connection pool on engine stop
bpo - 43710 : revert " bpo - 42500 : fix recursion in or after except ( gh - 23568 ) ( # 24501 ) "
[ @types / gremlin ] add listener functions to driverremoteconnection
update redux types adding new action interfaces
delete by query is a shortcut to search + delete .
add " testing changes " section to the pull request template
ignore getblocktxn requests for unknown blocks
enable jdk - system - out forbidden api checks on test sources
repr description added to security subclass
core : remove compile_read_write_paths ( )
when a tabbarview is nested in a page of another tabbarview , there will be particular scenarios that will throw an exception .
this pr migrate prometheus bucket to metrics stability framework .
adds streamlined child visitors for frequently visited nodes .
use 128 instead of 64 bits for defpath hashes
sparse matrix multiply with vector and linear solver
rt : eliminate the dependency on rust_kernel from rust_rng
add spectral clustering test for amg solver
add server : : options to handshakerfactorycontext
fix unzip param order on android 's busybox
the x-axis for scatter plot and hexbin plot disappears when colorbar is included .
enable alphabetical include order lint filter
make type - checking cancellable .
sync version of userland - proxy with libnetwork vendor
add resolution for type aliases from compodoc gen
remove a user from a team , or as a regular user , leave the team .
add struct keyword in front of internal_iterator
optimize bfmatcher by passing macros .
fix pojoutil realize type convert not support subclasses of ' java.util.date ' # 2499 the type convert was modified to support the ' java.util.date ' subclass org.apache.dubbo.common.utils.compatibletypeutils.java org.apache.dubbo.common.utils.pojoutilstest.java org.apache.dubbo.common.utils.compatibletypeutilstest.java follow this checklist to help us incorporate your contribution quickly and easily : make sure there is a github_issue filed for the change ( usually before you start working on it ) .
[ d3 ] update minor version to 4.8
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
added test for parenthesized string literals .
refactor condition in printstatementsequence , add new helper function .
add prettier markdown formatting to npm scripts
move io and web foundation types into libraries
adding dataframe methods to api reference .
also add bool to android full version .
turn on mypy unreachability warnings , address raised issues
update the generated code for the interop service .
these commits should fix all defects detected by coverity .
move jwkscache object out of thread local .
allow mixing of args uid and gid
parse_bottom_expr : extract common ' return ' out .
added wallpaper image to installer file
add missing methods on vectortile class definition add or edit tests to reflect the change .
fix predictions for calibratedclassifiercv with pipeline
update urls to account for v3 rc1 soft launch
make imageclassifier abstract and introduce new concrete subclasses
create single watcher for whole watch process
finalizes fix for # 12202 from abandonned pr by @parul - l
it just erases keys to stale data , not the data itself .
updated protoc scripts for version renaming
support more java types for getobject with type method
more fixes for action pack tests with dalli .
make it act like a .
add html anchor ' top '
adapter for batchnorm opset 8 to 9
simplification and removal of future stuff
handle changes in mru search / replace lists size
dreamview : improving pnc monitor performance by reducing chart update frequency
updated unitconverter comboboxstyle to set istextscalefactorenabled = true
particles : properly initialize angular velocity parameter
removing the check for user that was added recently ( i added it when i added the same check but without a user for the auto resolve message , and now need to remove this )
this allow the filesystem scan thread to get the class_name scripts without loading extra resources .
allow calls to fromnode without a result parameter in the callback
wrapped sections within <section> tags on the / manage page .
small fixes to a few of the three.js example files to make then work with webgl in ie 11 .
circleci : add python 3.9 builds for macos ( # 47689 )
add spec for checking webgl support .
description : update the androidtv tests to use pytest instead of unittest .
update document of elasticsearch backend settings
this commit modifies the search request to request the version .
add in the methods for @types / angular - loading - bar and fix the tests
adds support to load layeredfs patches on dlcs .
hard overwrite on conflict for query owners ( re # 283 )
we should support safe c++ worker api according the doc , this pr supports normal task for ray_emote .
initial infrastructure code for specializing call_function .
migrate api doc samples to nnbd
[ pvr ] fix timers thread start / stop , load / unload races .
add pytest -- runxfail to tips
remove modification of semantic tree for casting
deprecated tf.app.run / tf.session removed in multivariate.py
running pytest in getsentry triggers a bug in firefox_profile.py from the selenium driver .
ent_iob as a token pattern key
fix for # 9957 resolves the deprecated function in diagrammer package used in graph.viz .
several fixes to dict update in dict learning
cgroup_shm : add cgroup to shared memory
create a new method on app to override url security manager 's decisions wrt ntlm
simplify incremental parsing by moving old source tree nodes before doing anything .
add helpers for facebook & twitter urls
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
code and data for tf.contrib.learn monitors tutorial .
add check to kafkaapis add unit test specific to follower fetch update tool developed with @mimaison
this pr cleans the maps in the tokenizer files to make sure each checkpoint has the proper tokenization files .
temporarily enable tensor lr globally for testing
following - up on the url work from the previous pr built a new library called native - url to address the concerns with the differences in the api between our solution the node - url the library has an exhaustive list of test - cases to ensure it remains api compatible .
boolean flags for various operations , and this updates to use the setfast
added correct counter for the index_placeholder
see gatsbyjs / gatsby # 5638
change default shell to bash in ubuntu - based images
various optimizations / shortcuts in type checking property wrappers meant
moved the logic to measure elapsed time and cpu load from fio_compressfilename to fio_compressfilename_internal .
fix a few quirks in the muliclass docs
clojure bert example : allow running with gpu
one more round of deprecations removal .
added unit test which tests on the result of harmonyexportimportedspecifierdependency #gethashcode ( importedmodule ) when method parameter is null or undefined .
updates to support qmk - dfu bootloader , and refactor of oled support to utilize built - in i2c and oled drivers .
this seems to fix a bug where it was possible for some class , which is not available on the server side ( in my particular case a suds soap text object ) , to be pickled and sent to the server .
addresses # 21034 turns out that moniker ranges break indentation in sub-bullet content when the bullet item is n't included in the versioned content ... therefore , the versioned content must include the bulleted item ... i.e.
improve documentation readability , and avoid an incorrect debug message .
change all uses of " master / slave " terminology to " parent - child " .
implemented adaptive pooling operator in pooling operator
fix accidental rewrite of original url source of simd.js
allow passing a duration in string format
refactor input_text to use config dict .
adds multi-gpu support for multi-agent .
add resource table to core : : isolate
[ mrg ] fix multinomialdeviance not using average logloss ( # 10055 )
fixed assertion warning in msmf frame grabber
enforces a minimum width of 460 wide .
fresh start with create - next - app
initial start on improvments to the security questions cs
[ bug ] fused_op does not support boolean type
std : fix backtraces on arm linux
remove texteditors dependency on notificationmanager .
network : always update acquired prefix route
this pr adds support for -- checkpoint - at - end to rllib train , which currently ignores this flag .
differences between using vue in web and weex using vuex and vue - router
stop sending passwords to the ui
ci : fix a regression in setting up container_name
this commit reworks our transport related testing infrastructure to allow stubbing request handling on the receiving side .
this is second attempt to support + json content type suffix .
css : use integer values for font - size in css use correct ordering of @import " invisible " is n't a tag - presume its a class " border - color " defines the complete border python : use " not " instead of == " [ ] " for python prefer triple quoted docstrings prefer static functions where possible prefer modern style classes where possible remove semicolons ; global : remove duplicated words words
this pr fixes a bunch of callback function signatures so that they align with the signatures expected by windows api .
two changes were made : make sure ray cluster is initialized before calling init ( ) if the loop is already running _ async_init is scheduled to run in current loop .
[ os x ] tray icon for retina display
adding what 's new item for sklearn.feature_extraction .
use next minor release for release candidates
this adds console to inner hits , explain , field - stats , request body , scroll docs .
the type definition assumes it is a color object .
some design choices justifications use vector2 instead of vector3 .
this updates the libcontainer dependency to 5210a236b92a8022a673108f347 .
clarify how to quote and respond to the target tier policy requirements
fix tabs list - > terminal dnd
make specs and timespec be const
currently onnx runtime is doing shape and type inference on both branches of the if operator , regardless of which branch is executing in runtime .
contribute to lerna by solving an issue where npm is the hard - coded npm client while a user can choose to use yarn issue # 1057 ran all the " yarn test " options added tests to verify the configuration params i added breaking change ( fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to change ) - possibly if someone is using yarn as their client but actually they depend on npm running under the hood i have read the contributing document .
updated reshape.py to validate columns in get_dummies
take care of mocks breaking the recent version of pytest .
update run_ner to save optimizer and scheduler states , then resume training from a checkpoint
add norman layout under the minidox keyboard add keymap_extra def for norman layout re-org ' ed the modifiers as explained in the readme corrected colour legend for kle that the readme links to my code follows the code style of this project .
redirect help and version stderr to / dev / null
make ctypes completely optional on windows
ignore the allocate action when injecting migrate
feat ( gatsby - recipes ) : add mdx images recipe
description : this uses a centralized method to update the plex media_player and sensor platforms , reducing calls to the server and refreshing both platforms in sync .
[ radiobuttongroup ] move props access to componentwillmount for setting state , fixes # 4223
implement show for 1 - 12 element tuples
add some functions for data conversion
add override definitions for seq and sequence .
clarify event_free ( ) documentation regarding pending / active events
[ constraint solver ] tweak test based on using a bit more memory for - propagate - constraints .
add portconfig type for detect port first argument
this pr is bringing instruction per cycle for netdata using perf.plugin .
add " open_websocket_close_frame " option for server
add usb flash drive support for native usb host otg
stop inferring unions for disjoint callback parameter inferences
replace painless type with java class for casting .
this fixes a subtle issue where temporaries were being allocated ( but not necessarily initialized ) to the ( parent ) terminating scope of a match expression ; in particular , the code to zero out the temporary emitted by datum.store_to is only attached to the particular match - arm for that temporary , but when going down other arms of the match expression , the temporary may falsely appear to have been initialized , depending on what the stack held at that location , and thus may have its destructor erroneously run at the end of the terminating scope .
[ core ] fix incorrect typings regarding transition components and children
set up ci with azure pipelines
chore ( sites ) : add new sites built by bejamas
fix trailing whitespace on morphology features
add aws : prefix to segment
this pr is mainly to fix the conhost.exe not using the application manifest correctly and the operating system version can not be detected correctly .
" adding laser test fire function "
further improve docstring on n_jobs and solver
a running example with cudnn rnn cell
homectl : also acquire " cheap " passwords for homectl update / passwd
minor edits on cleos net peers ref : doc
msvc is just about getting support of asan current support is limited to x86 and x64 on windows 10 .
fix link extractor tests for non-ascii characters from latin1 document
this is a 10x improvement for searching for characters .
kubeadm : remove deprecated -- experimental - patches
add random_state to affinitypropagation class .
close # 772 : upgrade to latest pivottable.js lib
refactor a block of code into a method
fix bug stop stopspan when not createspan
feat ( theme - ui ) : remove theme - ui package
for when master is branched for v18 development .
[ parse / sema ] diagnose invalid attributes for paramdecl
increase total area of text selection handle to 48 by 48
add intel cpu temperature chart to freebsd plugin
added a new job in the alignments tool which tells you which faces are in the faces folder , but are n't found in the alignments file .
update prometheus to 2.13.1 update prometheus operator to 0.34.0 remove prometheusoperator.crdapigroup .
fix assert_raises and assert_raises_regex in test_spectral_embedding.py
introduce keyword arguments for some as : : cache methods
parse ' : class ' in a protocol inheritance clause identically to ' : anyobject ' .
stm32 / flashbdev : support generic flash storage config via link symbols .
reduction of the missing - key bug .
make tests compatible with python 3
set a weekly ci running every sunday night to all models from onnx model zoo with latest onnx.checker and onnx.shape_inference motiviation to enhance the robustness of onnx , add more tests .
seperate npm and module loader info .
fix # 4934 : add texturepacker interpolation option to settings
reorganized types to match react - slider doc
reduce base_channels of resnet in most of the tests .
view in loss computation in seq2seqtrainer , i add a part where it is confirmed that logits is contiguous in / src/transformers/modeling_prophetnet.py .
this pr adds alerts permission group with alerts : read and alerts : write .
serverless fails to deploy service with a kinesis stream event : unresolved resource dependencies [ iampolicylambdaexecution ] in the resources block of the template
fix : wrong function types in ufunc_object.c
allow extensions to contribute links to the terminal ( aka link providers )
[ gles ] videoplayer : rewrite yuv - rgb conversion
added tests for testing height of snackbar .
tty - ask - password : copy argv [ ] before forking child
better error messages for # [ should_panic ] tests with expected strings
add cursor to ondidchangecursorposition event object
adding sections , and fixing grammar :
hold vt graphics options vector in class to save alloc / realloc / free time .
most pager , by default , does not support control characters .
this adds getclassloader permission for ingest - attachment and mapper - attachments plugins .
fix the ux when an agent takes a new chat .
fix the bug of simple_test with proposals remove the redundant codes in fast_rcnn
we have an in - house rule to compare explicitly against false instead of using the logical not operator ( ! )
fix credentials for tower api v2
pyenv related docs - macos big sur pyenv issue can be fixed by adding commands into ~ / .
no need to tweak spans in syntactic highlights .
add a minimum distance that needs breaking on ios each time scrolls stopped .
meta : add lagom_unsupported helper function to serenity.sh
fixed lint error : one - line docstring summary should be followed by a blank line
expose sketchpickerprops.presetcolors for the color control component
check that pbuf_alloc does n't return nullptr
dreamview : implemented playback controls for offline usage
fbxloader : some textures on mixamo model fail to load
update redux - first - router typings with api changes as of v1 .9.8
use configuration : : getinstance ( ) - > supportsshareablevao ( ) in place of cc_texture_atlas_use_vao .
clean up leftover plural references in asset pipeline guide
remove support file update from create - cypress - tests wizard and update vue instructions .
[ flink - 15670 ] [ connector ] adds the producer for kafkashuffle .
( now or at any point in the future ) todo make an actual default keymap write up more about the tech / keyboard in the readme work pm_reset into native reset with pro_micro flag
allows removing the inclusion of the main input common header from the
fix cmake generate ios project , default arch config run fail on ios11 device cmake cmd : cmake .
build a discord clone with react js for beginners build a youtube clone with react js for beginners the 5 - day react javascript challenge membuat clone aplikasi terkenal dengan react js efek animasi dengan javascript as this is not really a collection of videos for a course or series .
this pr adds the implementation of nep - 35 's like = argument , allowing dispatch of array creation functions with __ array_function __ based on a reference array .
tst : avoid refcount semantics , speed up tests
upstream : use phantom types for load / availability
fixes # 15473 minor text + sample change : in 3.x , the microsoft.aspnetcore.diagnostics.healthchecks package is implicit from the shared framework .
this migrates all of our unit tests that were previously suffixed with .
pod array left pad not multiple of element crash fix
add helper to event target to queue events
handle exclude options in the system watches
cache / app.js being able to resolve socket.io - client .
updating the definition of victoryaxisprops with the new prop
partial fit warnings disabled for regressor
add not null condition option + related logic
delay bug for non-universal regions in member constraints
toggle menu for psu from lcd pannel
[ labs ] [ slider ] fix for slider thumb wrapper size
# 8562 wrong path in plugin.xml fixed
add layer scaling & upcast / reordering flags + functionality
fixed the dns rebind protection for secure handling of ipv6 addresses
added first draft of asp.net core 2.1 release notes
[ estuary ] remove support for script.maps.browser
[ thumbnails ] new , thumbnail computation for charts and dashboards
comprehensively test supported / unsupported field type : aggs combinations
fix syntax and lexical errors in template literals
allow override for old creality boards
enh adds pandas sparse support for check_array
this includes various test fixes , and switches wasm from using js versions of compiler - rt routines to just compiling them with the rest of compiler - rt.
once that is merged , this can be merged on top of master and it 'll just have the categorical changes .
pause execution of resource with dependencies while installing until its dependency is ready
adds option to get raw data from nativeimage
add basic console.input ( ) test
fix jquery.queue leaks empty queues .
this pr ensures that the results are displayed along with the warning when enhanced mode is disabled .
# 3549 # 3488 # 3661 rnw implementation of viewpanel sometimes create outer border instead of using the inner border , for example when round corner border is requested .
make the apps scheduler run jobs after defining them
also adds plasma store debug dumps once capacity is reached .
added axisa , axisb to hingeconstraint
poetry 1.1.0 b2 fails to install zipp when trying to install poetry - core
[ mmalrenderer ] allow deinterlace with software decode
packaging : bump go.d.plugin version to v0 .22.0
http client move buffer ( 1460 byte ) from stack to heap .
what did you implement added a link to the aws documentation that describes the differences between rest apis and http apis .
ubl and eeprom with host program such as octoprint in settings.cpp some debugging statements where not correctly disabled .
emit information to ipc processes about routes , redirects , rewrites , and headers
optimization for sharing parser with antlr visitor for mysql
lock cs_main for state / misbehaving
add @dhis2 / ui - constants package
right - click on numbers fails to highlight after ' selecting all ' from context menu
this pr fixes the use of cursorpoller in stream so that it 's updated with the current active filters .
this pr makes classic ui ( upscaled dogm ) to work with the native display resolution for touch .
nspawn : check cgroups after parsing options
add timeout / fallback to tree traversal
separate out adc / pwm peripheral function from hal.cpp
added wholesomeducky keymap for gmmk pro
added node14js support for lambda integration
update comments in spectral_embedding _ .
add annotations to traefik dashboard 's service
related to # 2182 this force the user to have an unlocked wallet before he is able to send a transaction .
an initial implementation of gatsby functions .
add error explanations for e0040 , e0087 , e0378 , e0379 , e0394 .
bpo - 35022 : add support for __ fspath __ to magicmock
match header to inbox header , fix mobile styles .
coveragerc , move epson constants to const.py , move epson cutsom service to epson domain
index - to - string mapping of source directories and filenames .
update nfacct plugin to match current netdata development
force gcc - 5 or clang - omp for mac os , prepare for pip pack
adding layout and navigation and pages
tidy : adjust feature gating path
fix checkout of modified file when missing from wd
add datasourcepreparer and environmentchecker for opengauss implement opengaussdatasourcepreparer close un-used data sources part of unit test
check all properties are present before checking types in relationships
fix compile error with lvgl define and without use_berry defined
add html_all_collection type to correct typeof document.all
adds contributing to flutter artcile link
adds another field ( " request.method " ) to the structured logfile audit .
skip nhwc pooling tests on non-cudnn platforms
fix bug in gcs copy operation
- removed the " using std : : " statements in the .
templates : add an emlai template for announcing security fix of main branch
fixes eos_logging idempotency issue when trying to set both logging destination and facility .
general ubl / g26 code cleanup
strict aliasing in c++20
add tabclosingorder , set default mru and use setting to focus next tab
automatic style fixes ( from eslint -- fix )
add t5 model to transformers - cli convert
add benchmark for all kinds of models
summary we can now test the sequence api on python3 .
add drag length parameter to draggablescrollablesheet
today the schema check tool validates the bootstrap config .
directly give the bbox property to all objects
every use of apply_mark in a built - in or procedural macro is supposed to look like this location.with_ctxt ( syntaxcontext : : root ( ) .
glslang : sync with upstream 4fc7a33 for vulkan sdk 1.2.131 1231c2e fixes # 36888 .
this pr stringify the secretsmanager response to mirror ssm behaviour when getting a parameter that references a secret .
[ py ] add github action for type checking
[ kennethreitz / requests # 1208 ] adding unit test for max_retries
react - redux - toastr : add interfaces to toastrs in reducer state , add toastr action payload , toastr reducer state
remove redundant method , move non-raising outside try
sds config dump single cmt due to dco ...
feat : add a named request animation frame function
ak : a few json improvements
small refactorring of serbian language abbreviation .
annotate this for nested hooks with ember - qunit
[ h2o ] retain certificate chain in pem format , supply that to fetch - ocsp - response
return error message when metrics are not valid
button color , header accblty level , tab props tab
implement params for info + merge the options and params
adding lint and fixing issues reported by it
i successfully installed pipenv with pip and tried to run for the first time only to encounter this error : traceback ( most recent call last ) : file " / library / frameworks / python.framework / versions / 3.4 / bin / pipenv " , line 11 , in <module> load_entry_point ( ' pipenv == 3.2.4 ' , ' console_scripts ' , ' pipenv ' ) ( ) file " / library / frameworks / python.framework / versions / 3.4 / lib / python3 .4 / site - packages / pkg_resources / __ init __ .
adds a " sync " label to translation sync prs checks if any existing prs have that label before creating a new one .
the step pulse widths are longer than expected for the lpc1768 , due & teensy35_36 .
new setting added to display a message when the livechat conversation has ended .
issue # 3781 , add windows bat script .
: label : add definition for constructor and method ' endpdf ' with buffer
add comments to assert calls in codefixes
this is a new implementation of core git 's config key checking
asp.net controls and mvc extensions - > client api reference asp.net bootstrap controls - > client api reference dashboard - > asp.net client api reference reporting - > client api reference ( webforms & mvc ) if you are making substantial changes , consider adding a tslint.json containing { " extends " : " dtslint / dt.json " } .
demangle fserror stacks only in assertions , and not all the time ; and only do the workaround for node.js 4 in legacy_vm_support , to avoid stack trace overhead
this pr mitigates memory leaks on the stream .
fix # 6193 fix # 6192 perfect test cases in dubbo - common perfect test cases in dubbo - remote add runnablewrapper to manage exception in threadlessexecutor fix empty check in statustelnethandler
fixing capitalization in infosec title .
add initial support for left leds on an ergodox ez
initial support for named amd modules .
get active users on startup and listen for changes
initial commit for adding support for amazon linux 2015.03
support word wrap in the diff editor
add api on adding recent documents add api for user tasks of jumplist set application dock menu add a guide on desktop environment integration fixes # 746 .
centralize all options at the root for easier discovery .
-- stream - rabbits arg addresses of rabbitmq queues to stream to .
implementing the decayedadagrad optimizer step operator
default empty kb , initialize vocab separately
fix ( model ) : fix tag map for fixing issues with tag space
adds a golden test for a few material icons ( first , last , and variants ) .
[ java ] [ feature ] load savedmodel
tldr : reduces the time it takes to get from flutter run to an interactive debugging session .
[ stable / nextcloud ] allow to inject custom php configuration files
fixed : wc / ww were inverted , back to rgbcw
modify travis - ci : use python 3.6.5 instead of the latest python 3.8 .
[ dxva ] fix dxva renderer color range .
fixed network link library curl in win32 case : libcurl_imp
roll back combined history / translog commit
want : more dir api for system
i 've fixed a few minor errors in the windows and wsl building documentation ; specifically an incorrect link title ( windows.md ) , an unclear article title ( windowssubsystemforlinux.md ) and an outdated link to msdn ( windowssubsystemforlinux.md ) .
this commit moves that listener to completely live in the connectionmanager .
refactor : use f - strings instead of str format
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
fixes # 8978 during testing of docker with device mapper backend , i often noticed bunch of warnings on console and often thought that if something is wrong with my docker setup .
fixed imageresizerui assembly name and added changes to msi
deprecate excepthook and cleanup all _ taichi_skip_traceback .
videocore : use syncguestmemory mechanism for shader / pipeline cache invalidation .
correct order of text field semantics
improvements to the g - code parser .
fix race condition by delaying the task only after saving the group .
hi there , this is my first pull request to rust :-) i started implementing some specializations for doubleendediterator : : nth_back ( ) and these are the first two .
perform collection force - casts by force - casting the elements
overview this change includes the basics of the sqlite index ; namely the metadata table and schema versioning .
updated tester to read wasm and abi files , and updated submodules
create it with dts - gen -- dt , not by basing it on an existing project .
add overwrite directory feature to savedmodelbuilder
feat ( gatsby ) : add top - level error handling to state machine
chore : use base : : environment in moveitemtotrash ( ) linux impl
[ test ] disable - print - stats tests for no - asserts builds .
fix multiple values for keyword argument error in modelaverageoptimizer and elasticaverageoptimz .
the changes made possible to make custom handler on mouse wheel events in qt and gtk for linux opencv build .
added event to base runner.start ( ) method
use intra-doc links for compare_exchange and compare_exchange_weak
fix improper use of ' final ' in emcc , which led to incorrect logging of temp files ( if a method calls save_intermediate ( ) , it must modify the global ' final ' var , as that method reads it )
fix # 2923 for the npe add replaymethodsinvocation for encryptpreparedstatement : replay the cache properties such ad querytimeout
remove useless initilization for tw and th code
merge remote - tracking branch ' upstream / master '
deletes direct message subscription for users conversing with user being deleted .
backstop esm module compilation with reify in the importscanner instead of compiling esm syntax in node_modules using compiler plugins , the importscanner can provide " native " support for esm syntax by using reify to quickly compile just the import / export syntax in any imported modules that were not already handled by compiler plugins .
fix issue # 612 : too many connection of zookeeper datasource
update ce_bgp_neighbor_af to fix bugs ( # 60937 )
make sure the global asyncio event loop policy is n't changed .
try to implement keyboard shortcuts in the browse folder dialog by importing wine code jira issue : core - 14332 import the wine commit which implement the shortcuts - import shellfolder.h to have isfhelper definition ( that maybe let us get rid of some #ifdef reactos ) now at least renaming via f2 key works , but not delete via del key get del also working ( help or tips appreciated )
kafka - 10407 : have kafkalog4jappender batch.size and linger.ms
unify the terms and interface used for logging in to 1password between the facts module and lookup plugins .
refactor tracers config : move interface to include / introduce factorybase to reduce boiler plate use config : : utility to convert opaque config risk level : low testing : ci docs changes : n / a release notes : n / a
fixes # 5668 for the entity linker training example , according to the first comment by @adrianeboyd .
upgrade to vs2017 project format .
apply #pragma once instead of using bracketing defines .
basic support for shipping code with working_dir and py_modules
attempt to detect and repair situations where optional unwrap is missing from operator / call arguments .
note for the esptool ( nodmcu - flasher alternative )
remove unnecessary diag parameter to after_krate
delete typography.js which should n't be in the styled - components example
blog : start working on gatsby - perf blog post
fix rss icon too large in rss settings dialog remove trailing spaces fix download & upload icon too large on statusbar in webui
changes to scheduler to faciliate web testing
docs : fix raw link to #ddddd
debuginfo : add test case for destructured for - loop variable .
fixes r2d2 ( torch ) multi-gpu issues with lstm and attention nets .
add storage postgresql with read support
added issue frontmatter to docs field
add using circleci env var for max workers
adding in triage needed by default what is include in the pr : the templates with the tag we merge in and check .
add some llvm_unreachable annotations for recently introduced msvc control path warnings
added wpsemantix to list of companies using apache superset in readme.md file
upgrade to new docker image 0.1.30
i hereby agree to the terms of the cla available at : add parallel quorum inserts .
this pr adds a new provider to airflow for executing sql queries against an apache drill instance .
implement shortcuts = 0 url param to disable keyboard shortcuts
iprofilingblockinputstream : check limits before reading block
per @oliviertassinari 's suggestion at codesandbox / codesandbox - client # 2284 ( comment ) , i 've added post-updates to each of the container sandbox example package.json files so they run on codesandbox without issue .
allow node version mismatch on circleci mac build
chromium introduced metrics to measure unload performance in : which would cause some dchecks to assert in electron in some cases : # 27717 .
add py37 environment to tox and travis.yml
docs : pass bounds in clicked event of tray
rustdoc - show defaults on const generics
issues - 4006 fix race condition in integeration test
only check constraints after type argument inference is complete
namedtemporaryfile files ca n't be reopened on windows .
moving the new connection pool to its final destination .
update_api_docs cli command for regenerating openapi.json
expose old and new etcd client and server ports
add a new locator path element " condition " to represent condition expression of if expression and ternary operator .
fixes # 5644 add postgres to optional reqs add postgres fields mapping tests add importable hstorefield ensure hstorefield accepts null values by default
removing stl headers from the filamesh reader .
libgui : paint texteditor background same as widget 's if it 's not enabled
cherry - pick of xds interop tests : make header / path matching fail properly failover test based on lrs regex path matching test more header matcher tests present / range / regex increase path and header matching timeout case insensitive path matching
search for library in / usr / local / cuda
fixing some issues found by using @mui / styled - engine - sc directly in the @mui / system .
this is a big refactor of win_find that does ; moves towards the ansible.basic wrapper for better option validation and module invocation reporting streamlined the file information collection to only get the metadata of each file once and not multiple times try to optimise the checks that occur against each file to improve performance the return values are more closely aligned to win_stat with the ultimate goal to share that information in 1 location .
if required shape information is not available , we fall back to old elem-wise mul + tf.reduce_sum based implementation .
fix malformed port in vsphere cloud provider test
adds the feature requested in # 10440 ability to fetch a menu items by passing in menuitems and an id .
this results in a cause memory leak see # 10351 i re-customized a deleteonexithook hook .
added programs for displaying adjacency matrix and adjacency list for a graph whose inputs we get from user in python
fix ( client ) : remove annoying redirect on report user page
make m303 silent when " s0 " is sent
update entropy function in fisher - snedecor
initial support for absl : : bitgen
# 1966 , # 1939 add a timeout - handle to stop the auto restart .
we produced a new split keyboard .
this indicates the smart open impl is just for s3 now .
include package name metadata when creating errors
remove sentry_activity template tag library .
add info.json for qmk configurator support
alexa : expose intent variables to service calls
you can already implement this today with a stateful callable class , but it can be more intuitive to write a function instead .
fixing how escape key works in listwidget
description : some fixes to huawei lte device tracker .
add types for package ' fluxible '
using ( other ) local collection for sync
docker_container sends volume to docker api erroneously
add videocapture / videowriter avfoundation implementation for mac
simplify htmlsafe_dumps to use str.translate instead of multiple str.replace .
use the correct python executable to match lldb
closes # 6231 we 're collecting more environment variables when running cypress with gitlab ci .
add script for creating source archives .
break into the description field and then save it .
fix max parallel stream for joined pipeline
bpo - 30455 : generate tokens related c code and docs from token.py .
add metrics.proto generated files to c# project
supress wandb images size mismatch warning
this is a preliminary patch to add chamber heat pid control .
quick fix to change this nightly test to install pip packages using pre-release .
reorganized includes to improve compile time ( pr # 4076 for reference )
add transparency feature for google calendars .
use the new urllib3 stream generator .
maximum 25 channels can be displayed in the teams ' channels list
libweb : implement currentcolor special value
doc : clarifiy fill_value behavior in arithmetic ops
bpo - 36392 : add missing attributes to network
geteditor getfirstvisiblescreenrow getfontfamily getfontsize getlastvisiblescreenrow getpagerows ignoring this method , i could n't find it used anywhere getpane highlightfoldscontainingbufferrange ( could probably be removed from the api but it needs to be replaced in selectionview ) isscreenrowvisible ( could probably be removed from the api ) pagedown pageup pixelpositionforbufferposition pixelpositionforscreenposition redraw scrolltobottom scrolltobufferposition scrolltocursorposition scrolltopixelposition scrolltoscreenposition setfontfamily setfontsize setinvisibles ( i think we could ignore this one , its not used and can be set via config ) setlineheight setplaceholdertext ( this is only used by mini-editors and we are going to wait on implementing it ) setshowindentguide setshowinvisibles setsoftwrap splitdown splitleft splitright splitup togglesofttabs togglesoftwrap based on feedback from @abe33 and @smashwilson and anything i 've run into personally .
ci : tighten codeql and labeler even more
add script to verify generated files
test h3 server idle timeout and client reconnecting
use port : : aligned_free ( ) to free allocations from port : : aligned_alloc ( ) .
this pr adds some infra to improve logging , keeping the non-batched task the same .
get the section name for section / local elf symbols
string normalizer is found in the following frameworks : stopwordsremovertransform in ml.net countervectorizer / tfidfvectorizer in scikit - learn stringnormalization performs string operations for basic cleaning .
add unit test for context curring when using initialparams
use it for storing shared queries
bump dart sdk to 1.22.0 - dev .5.0 .
add return type to editor.withoutsaving and editor.withoutmerging per
updatesync on the text editor component .
reuse c - api int8 unit test application ( # 18077 )
ensure has the semantics and type of the function q1 below : fn q1 : : ensure ( k ) { q ( k ) ; } further , ensure avoids the need to load the result from disk ( or execute the provider , if we are not storing the results of q to disk ) .
[ test ] use dom events instead of synthetic , partial events
this pr modifies essinglenodetestcase and esintegtestcase and several concrete test classes to use node names when bootstrapping the cluster .
types for the datatables.net scroller extension
add optional executor for event processing
update package manager fact innards to a list of dicts
thus , this pr adds the feature to fit the last page with blank slide ( s ) when the new parameter fitslidegroupwithblank is set to true .
fix itensor virtual functions for 5.1.2 +
i also improved the error message when the dashboard endpoint returns a 401 .
this pr improves type inference for multiple object literals occurring in the same context .
the ruby dsl for defining a protobuf schema has always been implemented in c. originally this was necessary , because upb could not consume descriptors directly .
account for the construct call taking a stack frame
prepare for bump to 6.0.1 on the 6.0 branch ( # 27386 )
adds the offset field to the indexsymbol struct .
cryptsetup - generator : fgets ( ) excorcism
netdata - installer.sh : improve message about updater installation
manually reverting fields from # 5355
upgrade pytest and friends to good versions , consolidate configuration into pyproject.toml
stop upsetting valgrind with uninitialized shorts
official - storybook : use bind idiom for args mdx
to fix ios static route ci failure ( # 56292 )
commit message : add transport failure reason to body additional description : adds transport failure reason to response body .
fix wrong task eta when using timezone setting
small fixes in the readme conform to the current version of the boilerplate .
automatically assign ldap groups to rocket.chat roles admins can choose to automatically remove users from a role if their ldap group is removed .
fixes # 16958 alternative to and closes # 16963 alternative to and closes # 17219 same as # 17219 , but raises a warning when a check is skipped .
much faster isotonic regression prediction ( involved re-setting interpolation to linear )
db intrinsics are " keyed " off of scope , table , and a primary key .
fix rare deadlock on shutdown of backgroundschedulepool
fixed wrong use of notimplemented , should be notimplementederror
collects latency & count measurements on get and list operations to gce cloud .
added new valid cookie option for client - sessions
fix ie10 / 11 visibility bug
disable some optimization related to limit clause if limit by clause is present [ #metr - 23881 ]
[ web ] dartev compile error http module
commit message : adds guidance on envoy_bug per # 14190 risk level : low docs changes : updates to style.md part of # 14190 todos ( part of issue ) : add macro for internal class invariants
try to get a stable docker build working with fix .
( 3 ) embed job_id to driver id .
add additional type defs for rsvp
add tests for multiple dep types
update qubole_hook filter do not remove pool as an arg for qubole operator
keymap based on macbooks with iso uk / english international keyboard layouts .
[ onnx ] update layernorm symbolic to handle autocasting ( # 52199 )
[ irgen ] [ backdeploy ] fix infinite recursion in metadata queries
if we set trainer.config [ " horizon " ] to e.g.
this pull request is in support of wtu .
the directory structure for icc 's installation had changed so it could n't find he setvars.sh it needed .
add support to identify ( e ) ac3 streams via ts descriptor tag
fix issue with yoga layout in x64 release
fix # 13566 : the code was not clear enough in the connectivity - constrained clustering part of the tutorial .
implement # 1949 : profiles.json has been given a setting for background images labeled as shown below , with the following valid values .
rtl8192cu : let it support to build in the non-src folder
add support for ' long long ' and ' unsigned long long ' types
-- emitdeclarationsonly flag to enable declarations only output ( # 20735 )
fix [ i ] like function
making tls testing available to rabbitmq modules .
[ flink - 24034 ] update multiple apache.commons dependencies
adds the logic for handling joins by a prospective leader .
add feature news for issue 3170
this pr is to update source - map - support .
discussed in # 19800 ( comment ) quoting here , i do n't think this necessarily fixes it because the updates could still be delayed so resources and updated might have the same values , but it could the old and not the updated values .
have parser inherit from pipe .
changes the name of one of the return values of docker_host_info from host_facts to host_info .
keyversionregistry registry for managing the available key version implementations .
json - rpc : make logging of incoming requests optional
change gettask ( ) to pushtask ( )
added test case # 4 test to verify security group forked networks .
rename pane focusing methods on workspace
change " / dev / null " to os.getnull in utils/sounds.py sox " play " command
stop module from running net on empty commands .
add asp.net core perf diagnostic tools list
updates recent changes to my keymaps and userspace in qmk 's repo .
javascript 0.82.0 now tokenizes the $ in $ something as an instance constructor and also fixes tokenization when destructuring in const assignments ( const [ first , second , ... rest ] = array ) ;) python 0.38.0 correctly tokenizes self.something now go 0.31.0 adds the fmt printf snippet for debugging
needed for flashing to use zigbeebridge with tasmota the pull request is done against the latest dev branch only one feature / fix was added per pr .
rename files to allow rpm build
make section names unique in loops , as catch does n't support duplicate sections , see also catchorg / catch2 # 816 ( comment ) as a result , when built with gcc , loop iterations were skipped .
make custom select and file inputs 100 % wide
bug fixes apis fix the bug of div operation result using scale method do not exactly equal the result of elementwise_div method .
fix [ react - test - renderer ] - replace reacttype with elementtype
this pr adds a functional sub-test for calling decodescript with a p2tr / segwit v1 output script ( op_1 < 32 - bytes push > ) , expecting to return " witness_v1_taproot " as type result .
types / node - forge / index.d.ts
config.toml : add stubs for recognized - but - unused install paths
tcplistener : allow remove filter chain after listener is removed
this pr will allow redirects to happen client side .
fix decoding of unboxed closure kinds
activerecord / test / cases / helper.rb
adjust edge paddings on alertdialog title , content , and actions
allow querying for series data .
feat : add ' replay ' option to the playtoggle component
added code to support js documentation for adding descriptions to a component , fixed issue with content was being rendered as an object and give errors for that , added a fix to when you use proptypes from something other than react that you can get the type from docgen .
[ wip ] : api : change default for index.union sort
added polish version of english lex_attrs
[ estuary ] fix message for broken addons
so this should use 12.1 gb of cpu memory including peak memory : m = gptjforcausallm.from_pretrained ( " eleutherai / gpt - j - 6b " , revision = " float16 " , torch_dtype = torch.float16 , low_cpu_mem_usage = true ) this of course wo n't be enough to be used on the free google colab since it has a total of 12gb of cpu ram for everything , so by the time we come to from_pretrained a few gbs will be already consumed by python / torch / transformers , leaving less than 10gb of cpu ram .
closes : # 17765 bug fix for get_pandas_df ( ) to avoid an exception when reading an empty table .
fix link to security.md in contributing.md
[ pdfsidebarresizer ] re-factor the resize event listener to improve readability
description : this pr adds functionality for locks expressed through the smartthings platform .
added arcface face recognition model to example list added arcface , mobilenet , resnet , squeezenet , vgg models to onnx api page please feel free to remove inapplicable items for your pr .
pass config file path to applicationdelegate call
codeserializer : clean - up / remove functionality no longer needed .
kernel : move tcp state logging into tcpsocket
rails - actioncable : fix ambiguous datatype
implement function retrieval python apis on existing abis add documentation generation scripts for functions minor fixes on dependencies and configurations in cmake files
* adding job process pojos to protocol pkg
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes :
adds and enhances tests for the dashboard filterbar ( nativefilters . )
_ baseencoder._transform ( ) currently calls _ encode_check_unknown ( ) , and then calls _ encode ( ) which will call _ encode_check_unknown ( ) a second time ( if the dtype is compatible with numpy ) since _ encode_check_unknown ( ) calls np.unique ( ) on a given column , its complexity is o ( n_samples ) which is not negligible on large training sets .
handmanipulate...touchsensors - v0 - boolean sensor readings ; handmanipulate...touchsensors - v1 - original mujoco sensordata readings ;
demonstrate testability of server - side impl classes
fix # 2808 for expo init and expo eject project , name is existing in app.json other than package.json .
use resizeobserver when available for better and more performant resizing information , otherwise , fall back to a throttled resize event on an iframe that 's the size of the player .
chore ( sudoku ) : added type hints [ hacktober-fest ]
remove host cache uses in syntactic features
performance optimization others sorted the grad by dtype before coalescing , can decrease the number of coalescing op .
update autocomplete component documentation for issue closes # 22443
silence all the remaining warnings in video_core generated by gcc 10.2.0 .
fix bug from # 23515 .
fused_elementwise_activetion can fuse some binary and unary computation .
fix ( tilelayerwms ) : get rid of l.tilelayer global call
updated travis.yml to migrate build process from legacy infrastructure to container based infrastructure
modify redis gcs client usage of raylet and core worker
this pr updates the bottom navigation semantics tests to use the matchessemantics api , which is the newer function for accomplishing the same as the previous tests .
use oneshot for cons - > event_resize
fix a couple of bugs found by testing in release mode , closes # 10185 .
ensure role handlers are parented correctly .
allow zha device creation for coordinator
use code model ' medium ' for 64 - bit risc - v targets
this allows you to customize the barrier tween for any modalroute .
this pr updates deno doc so default exports are handled .
type ( func ) to assertion
fixes cost function bias to the largest sequences .
feat ( cli / standalone ) : initialise runtime_compiler ops for cli standalone
the code change is tested and works on core 2.3.0 , 2.4.2 , 2.5.2 , and pre - 2.6 the code change pass travis tests .
improve superset list view page layout
limit type guards as assertions to incomplete types in loops
add mysql link to the index
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
my commits migrate the key bindings to terminfo wherever possible .
both backspace and left shift matrix positions off by one
several changes in react native 0.28 and 0.29 are not reflected in the current definition .
control flow analysis can easily hit circularities or exponential behaviour when requesting the contextual type of an expression .
update generatenm2.ts to create constant spec for turbo modules move react_constant and react_constant_provider to react_get_constants appstatemodule i18nmanagermodule deviceinfomodule microsoft reviewers : open in codeflow
[ auto parallel ] add the unified cluster representation
fixed constructors for functional objects ( added __ host __ modifier )
gitpython did a new release which breaks our tests : see : pinning gitpython for now to make circle ci work did you read the contributor guideline , was this discussed / approved via a github issue or the forum ?
fix make yeo - johnson default in power_transform ( )
[ cmake ] allow rbpi platform to create deb packages
this pr adds an explicit mapping to handle such cases .
display target binding in module info header
added missing params from statuses / update
description : this pr introduces the initial implementation of an api listener based on the proto configuration merged in # 8170 .
switches rustup to using the beta channel by default .
this pr : adds support for running an rllib policy server with n listen ports ( n workers ) accepting one or more client connections .
allow missing argument for iife parameter with no type annotation
abstract using multiple lifecycle api names for any node api 's
reworker predict method of sklearn wrapper
fix : fix ownstate for unsaved explore chart
there are a couple of core worker tests that are not quite stable , including testdirectactortaskcrossnodesreconstruction , testdirectactortaskcrossnodesnoreturnperformance .
bias tensor reorder overhead in int8 inference is significant , especially for low latency models ( i.e.
no empty quotes value for clusterip
i saw that in the java version there was the factorial algorithm , so , i thought that it would be nice to have the same but this time made with c. and i also made a fibonacci algorithm that asks for a number and than it tells which number is in the n position according to the fibonacci sequence .
description : fixes and error where devices exposed to emulated hue without a friendly name attribute set would cause emulated hue to fail .
enh adds support for handle_unknown = ignore and drop
bump xmldom to 0.7.0 in @react - native - windows / cli .
[ emufnc ] fix : use correct return value on error in dll_flsbuf , flush file buffers , properly write data
[ sema ] adding deprecation warning for protocol inheritance class keyword syntax
cherry pick of # 102306 # 102465 on release - 1.21 .
recently we have noticed multiple instances where kafkaproducers have failed to constructer due to the following exception : org.apache.kafka.common.kafkaexception : failed to construct kafka producer at org.apache.kafka.clients.producer.kafkaproducer .
bpo - 30721 : show correct syntax hint in py3 when using py2 redirection syntax ( # 2345 )
this is an initial stab at splitting the autoscaler public / private interface .
shaderchunk : use gl_frontfacing workaround everywhere .
basic / log : fix systemd_log _ * parsing error messages
add unit test to test for multi-head migrations issue
send the tls alert on handshake errors
enablesyntaxtree = 1 " to get a serialize libsyntax tree with the response .
this pr enforces non-null collection values ( lists and maps ) earliest in the process and utilizes java 9 unmodifiable collections api , with the goal of eliminating redundant null filtering and repeated wrapping incolllections.unmodifiable * .
add section to manual , add examples
when performing internal patches , we noticed it touches a large number of internal build targets so that they can depend on the new targets introduced in # 25586 .
add some tests to enumerate how extensions should be stored in the schema output
fix semantics of - w on literals
change connect - mongo typescript version to 2.8
fix travis deployment condition condition : $ multiplatform_jars = 1 | | $ mac_jars = 1 and bring back java dist commit .
remove redundant speed settings ( mcu & flash ) from platformio
npm : add aliases for search and info
use env context syntax for step variables
avoid hitting docker hub in docker tag / label step , where possible
new module pull request network / aos / aos_device ansible version ansible 2.3.0 ( aos_device_clean de9d90c9e6 ) last updated 2017/02/10 15:59:02 ( gmt -700 ) config file = configured module search path = default w / o overrides i 'm working for apstra , we are making a product to automate datacenter networks and we are developed a dozen of ansible modules and one dynamic inventory to control our product with ansible .
first commit fix log and gui strings .
this pull request updates the expiration date of the wp8 / universal app project certificates .
added sample ( template ) userspace files to my folder
stream_info : build replacement map once
remove use cases of deprecated functionality
update documentation for docker image : fix
this pr improves nuxt ts support by adding a build option useforktschecker that enable type checking thanks to fork - ts - checker - webpack - plugin .
add start , stop indices for subquery segment
wrap up ignore api and add tests
a typing file for google sign - in api :
revert " added preprocessor define for c++ if template aliases are supported by the compiler "
add magic method abs to ndarray
move ' disallowin ' into being an ambient parser context flag .
fix modal bottom sheet duration and easing
h files to reflect the odd switch matrix regarding the long keys on the right .
take into account position of tilemap in collision
handle daikin ac devices without fan_mode and swing_mode support
[ se - 0134 ] fix - up for renaming utf8 - related properties
chain ` after upgrade to v1 .9
enh : adding support to parse unsigned long long from json ( # 26068 )
remove disable_local_tensor when building struct for loop indices
fix test , only throw exception when ca n't deduce type
[ nfc ] add crash test case for _ atomic ( _ bool ) irgen .
fix the not - working toolbar .
[ libsyntax ] fix places in which rawsyntax nodes were created without an arena
fix : added ' deep ' to mergedeepright 's type
stdlib : remove some @inlineables from string api functions .
added delete key to layor 1
todo : add new class methods deprecate plot_roc_curve add check for raising deprecation warnings catch deprecation warning in test add common test for the curve add tests for the display update the examples update the user guide
different shape of result of the method hough_gradient_alt in python
[ win32 ] directx : fix switching display mode in true fullscreen in case when os silently bring app out of full screen
added another test against multiple staggered subscribers
add custom rgb code for jj40
this sequence of relatively small commits dramatically improves the memory management in epiloguearcanalysis and on certain projects reduces compile time spent in the swift optimizer 36 % .
intents : add a java class for listening to intent broadcasts
support option of three ner features
category enhancement ( new features , refinement ) added support to connect to dremio .
makes homing super repeatable by retracting from endstop hit back to a very specific stepper coil phase .
chore ( markdown - it ) : correct url for contributors
changelog updated type definitions for parse 2.10 typescript version 3.3 now using conditional types from ts 2.8 more complex generic inferences from ts 3.3 made parse.object a generic in order to type its attributes in order to handle parse.object 's complex construct signature , class object was switched to const object : objectconstructor .
abnormal css ouput when some string in the code is wrapped in square brackets
[ rllib ] apparently broken compute_actio function for multiagent environments
added check for hash_len after calls to hlfmt_hash ( )
[ zstdcli ] add a flag to control literals compression
category choose one bug fix enhancement ( new features , refinement ) refactor add tests build / development environment documentation wip - this is the first of several prs which addresses sip - 24 requires db migration .
add source server address info for distro verify .
add single data source api for shardingdatasourcefactory
in order to better maintain the ansible files , i propose to identify these files .
direct and camel - cased concatenation fixits for repeated identifiers in function declarations
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
optimize textlayerrendertask._layouttext to avoid intermediate string creation
update to mean shit clustering narrative documentation .
add support for selectkey and generated keys in update statements
description : added support for humidity and pressure in 1 - wire devices .
omit writing index metadata for closed indices on data - only node
a bit of organizing / simplifying / fattening the models
add layout_60_ansi to xd60 rename layout_all to layout_all fix bug in krusli 's keymap put 60_ansi in rules.mk so i can generate my default keymap for it .
updating the raygun4js ts definition to 2.4.2 .
[ stdlib ] mutablecollection fix to _ smallstring
switch to using client from twilio.rest rather than the deleted twiliorestclient
the purpose is to remove the annoying full mkl dependency when set blas = mkl .
bug fix new feature provided improve performance related issues # 3583 make create a project of plugin testcase easier .
update the backend to add an array of project level threshold and metric to the user misery .
fix typing errors in external task sensors
adding support of input dimension of 1 to 5 in mkl dnn softmax
tst fixes warnings for scipy 1.3.0
bug : fix reac_csv with rawiobase broken ( # 31575 )
try to grab parameters for single - declaration variable statements .
this will allow us to run the conpty tests in ci .
@types / underscore error ts2322 for ` _ .
this started out as just a " remove s65 - plus support from s65 - x folder , " but as i went it kind of snowballed .
add niu mini keymap from planck keymap
maint : use valueerror for duplicate field names in lookup
transform mouse events to the local coordinate system
fix no - single - module
see # 14913 what is include in the pr : a fix for # 14913 download image in found in issue # 2447 ( comment ) resize the image check if all the metadata is there before this fix : after this fix : linked issue : # 14913 communication : i 've discussed this with core contributors in the issue .
teach test runner about -- help
add constraint for s type parameter .
this brings pr # 16228 up to date , adds tests and fixes some issues with it .
added base fc + gelo / tanh activation fuse pass , without tests and formatting
openvpn plugin : ignore undef clients
[ videodatabase ] path hash is not invalidated when removing movie from library
closes atom / node - runas # 5
this guide presents some options for working with wordpress and woocommerce .
the current bits implementation does n't cope well when the backing array differs in length .
update unit test and fix terminate_nodes
mk : do n't install host rlibs
follow - up to # 32140
add jumptoitem ( ) to list view .
adding unit tests for ioc changes
find an error in line 47 , update readme.md
num_restarts must be set before state , or the restarting actor notification might contain a wrong num_restarts .
keep the | option = value for dav / http paths when getting the directory
backport libevent to vanilla autoconf 2.59 ( as used in rhel5 )
register automation.reload as an admin service .
base test docker image on python images
add leadership election example and configuration
update accepted material types to match documentation
updating fork of bs to v4 - beta1
use skip also with first checks of backend_session_begin ( )
fix tests in tie cases & match conventions .
update sample celery files and improve daemonizing with systemd doc
resolves devrel - 1530 - private access : create tutorial for security group feature select one : select any that apply :
correct documentation for broker_use_ssl with redis
additional examples to loading / creating , and plugin authoring overview pages
add properties in doc.to_json if they were set , not if they 're available .
fixed building package on debian jessie lowered initial hashtable size for aggregatefunctiontopk from # 778
fix grammar and punctuation a bit
cleaned up and adjusted # 7601 add a new configuration to inhibit xyz movements if homing has n't been done .
[ x ; len ] syntax in vec docs
force pattern fields history save on enter
adding class and method descriptions for exchange api
hot fix because in some cases additionalproperties in the available_node_types schema breaks validation .
use git archive to produce kubernetes-src.tar.gz when possible
add commonly used editor methods to editor view
ui : restore auth reset when switching services
summary allow unrolling rnns with input_length = 1 .
two commits : do n't allow slow timer callbacks to block script event handling ( including quit ) .
requests only supports http and https .
this pr adds the rgblight_set_effect_range ( start_pos , num_leds ) to quantum/rgblight.c .
adds a few functions to mark and span that i found useful in an upcoming refactor of nll region error reporting .
changes to jison spec to allow underscores in entity names and entities with no relationships .
this pr addresses all the basic setup required to implement capturing child tasks .
signature help for tagged templates this pr enables signature help support in the language service for tagged template strings .
renamed charts of output in the default config .
migrate persisted information for zeroed - guid in primary desktop when virtual desktop switch occurs .
touchscreen : make use of common point struct
pixelpaint : add menu action to toggle pixel grid visibility
build messages from explanations and log them on cluster state
some sample sites still had ' copyright 2012 ' in the footer , updated to 2013 .
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes : increase the version number in the header if appropriate .
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
add conj op for complex types ( # 29527 )
guiwindowslideshow : fix signed vs. unsigned compiler warnings
fix issue # 5953 by giving its associated opening tag .
performance optimization ops this pr optimize current implementations for sgd and sum operators for bf16 data type ( mainly ) when selectedrows ( sparse ) tensors were used by reusing onednn handler .
feat : add vue3 support to storyshots
adds trim property for the slug package
add royal tsx to remote login software
flutter driver - create widget finders from serialized finders extensions
[ gsb ] use isderivedrequirement ( ) for same - type connected components
add ipp support in resize , warpaffine , warpperspective functions
" excessive stack depth comparing types ' flatarray < arr , ? > '
fix an out of bounds memory access .
update some behaviors of ndarrayiter change the functionality of class ndarrayiter last_batch_handle = roll_over .
narrow string and number types in equality checks and switch cases
[ serialization ] simplify serialized representation of archetype types .
clickhouse - 2 client testmode fixes : reconnect on clienterror , clear expected errors , return error to os
add tests around cardinality aggregations .
added support for winapi_partition_tv_title which is defined on xboxone
[ job submission ] use specific redis_address and redis_password instead of " auto " ( # 20687 )
disable redirection for wow64 processes .
correctly check that an item does not exist in the aclk thread list and ignore it ( instead of accessing invalid memory and crash ) ignore error when attempting to wake up event loop ( do not fatal ) component name aclk the code is not active yet
use stable ship protocol for transaction_trace move eosio - tester type conversion to state_history library select one : select any that apply :
fix asan global buffer overflow in any_variable_requires_grad
i 've looked thru other examples , specifically mdn docs and pr # 11365 to fire the keypress event , specifically on line 41 .
this implements the direct call < - > plasma interop described in after this change , we have near feature parity for direct call tasks / actors on a single node .
feat : implementation of a * search algorithm .
update mindsdb blog post content , title and slug .
there is no need for separate ' googlemock ' and ' googletest ' builds ,
fixes # 17728 modifies section 1.12 multiclass and multilabel algorithms as follows : change section title to " multiclass and multioutput algorithms " to match sklearn module names ( sklearn.multiclass and sklearn.multioutput ) change overall section structure so that headers == problem type , and subheaders == target format and meta - estimators redistribute content from introduction ( problem types , target formats ) into corresponding sections rewrite the rest of the introduction to be concise , and to mention sklearn.multioutput add chart image to introduction that shows hierarchy of topics / classes fix : mod : / : class : / : func : links to sklearn.multioutput / sklearn.utils.multiclass that were n't rendering because of the presence of the .
# 16763 is adding an internal listener .
[ bug ] ref count safety bug when inlining objectrefs or deserializing objectrefs multiple times
# 33518 added support forwildcard exclusion ( - ... * ) at the core logic site .
docs ( running - behind - apache ) : add vhost example for dospagecount
added property types to the existing draweritems ( was missing ) .
fix : some refactor about datazoom and axis scale extent calculation : the " scale extent calculation " is depended by both coord sys and " datazoom " .
this patch allows over 44 words fqdn for backend server name .
microsoft reviewers : open in codeflow
add s3 acl publicread as default value fixes # 475
move nodeimpl from interfaces/node.cpp to node/interfaces.cpp move chainimpl from interfaces/chain.cpp to node/interfaces.cpp move walletimpl from interfaces/wallet.cpp to wallet/interfaces.cpp no changes to any classes ( can review with git diff -- color - moved = dimmed_zebra ) motivation for this change is to move node and wallet code to respective directories where it might fit in better than src / interfaces / , but also to remove all unnecessary code from src / interfaces / to unblock # 19160 review , which has been hung up partially because of code organization .
fix ( vue - renderer ) : add vary header for server mode
[ se - 0258 ] fix source locations for implicitly - generated initializer calls .
add v8 jsi executor support ( disabled via use_v8 by default ) , with the requisite include directories , libraries , etc.
add documentation in doc - src explaining how to add a new content viewer view class to contentview.py .
continuation of # 9642 add config option system_tables_lazy_load that , if set to false , loads system tables with logs at the server startup .
this pr is to add typings for part of the dynamic values functionality in react - jss .
add validator for javanese script ( based on khmer ) .
docapi - 7991 : ru translation .
fix react - select using no space in regression test
[ ci ] run pdf thumbnail tests
ref ( eventerror ) : stop interpolating error messages
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
update de language for illuminance for a " more " german word
[ jenkins - 49044 ] honor descriptorvisibilityfilter for securityrealm and authorizationstrategy
disable gitrepo if git is old , and warn the user
bld : enable c99 isnan and isinf for msvc14
fixed com.alibaba.json.bvt.bug.bug_for_smoothrat5 #test_map to not rely on nondeterministic apis
pickle arbitrary objects to return from connection
added the 20 key ( 4x5 ) macropad / keyboard called emi20 to the list of keyboards .
this pr adds user timing marks at key points in the reconciler 's execution .
fixes # 57172 when an ansible vault password file is specified in config and another is passed in as a command line argument , they need to be combined .
i just extended the types of the arguments for the #registerpartial function , because per the implementation that function is polymorphic .
omit to fully support dictionary and numericdictionary
de-capitalize all the variables of etcd
implement faster single - widget hot reloads
update serving of files from public folder to handle special chars
add test helper to download images
macros : fix bug in statement matchers
added react - big - calendar module declaration
swift host libraries on android .
add typing files for react - portal
this prepares data to be abi stable .
updated the linear regression example documentation .
added test cases to check edit permission on settings endpoints
docs : add docs for $ lerna_root_path environment variable
change download_maxsize logger level from error to warning
service / ldr : amend layout of the nro header
compute error statistics of normal precision
use winver property to set _ win32_winnt .
docs ( vi - mode ) : revamp readme and document settings
example of distribuited execution on aws ec2 using terraform
strip trailling comments from / etc / default / passwd like : minweeks = 1 #minweeks = 2 maxweeks = 12 # maxweeks = 8 which otherwise cause failures with " failed to read / etc / default / passwd : too many values to unpack " user module ansible version ansible 2.4.2.0 config file = / development / ansible / ansible.cfg configured module search path = [ u ' / root / .
add svgo options to webpack configs
add database client and driver for azure cosmos db
added fping.conf and resize secondary fping charts
fix ( gatsby ) : fix loki special - casing for $ ne : true
to make the explore code more maintainable , i will refactor some controls , so first i need to move some files to the sub-component .
changelog : adds fragment for junos fix terminal
these changes should take care of the final 7 post-migration errors triggered by ansible - test sanity -- test docs - build .
bug : fix self.window type check
this implements a better ( more python - style ) list.sort .
allow shrink in the hot phase
tilemaplayer : re-added secondary copy - canvas
fixed the create ( ) method , and added support to disableanonymousandlocalclassserialization
support this.prop = expr ; assignments as declarations for es6 js classes
cholesky_delete - > cython to use cython_blas
darwin : new procedure for indentifying installed homebrew dependencies
na_ontap_qtree : added new operation to modify qtree options .
[ exclusivity ] make helper functions to static .
fix ( ui ) : fixed undefined thread
docs changes : will change doc for fault filter
my solution about issue # 5179 and i implemented part of todo about avoid forks in ' izz * ' / ' izzq ' / ' izzj ' .
longtable label allowed even when caption is none
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
in forms / checks - radios : give examples of the pure toggle checks and radios , without the button group class .
zmq : update and cleanup build - unix , release - notes , and zmq docs
change this change adds a more fully functional search to the sqliteindex .
bpo - 37409 : fix builtin / importlib discrepancy for " from .
this pr changes how # [ inline ] functions are translated .
[ ml ] add mappings , serialization , and hooks to persist stats
for now , force the clang - based actions to skip the end of the pipeline .
add skflow import by default to contrib , to make tf.contrib.skflow work
add centering to scrollpane.scrollto ; fix # 2561
remove index signatures from js literals , use an object flag to indicate errors should be ignored instead
pass xamlview 's through reactuwp view managers by const ref
py " | flake8 -- diff whatsnew entry
* [ jsfm ] freeze the prototype of build - in objects
this cherry - picks from main changes for the winsdk module to the 5.4 release branch .
updates the ruby dockerfile to copy the cacerts directory from the docker host
do n't override cmake_generator in windows
it 's a bit more complete and it reads a more similar to pd.read_csv ( )
implement new ' command ' logic for editor
support amd require / es6 import
fix : custom packages location used with publish -- canary ( # 875 )
[ mrg ] fix misleading doc in contibuting guidelines
added cab autocompletion to the cabal plugin .
v4l2 : fix incorrect pool sizing
server : upgrade browserify preprocessor to 1.0.1
we would like to know when a route update is loaded to envoy .
async replay optimizer does not need annealing beta
reduce multiple cursors / selections to the first , original , cursor / selection
set environment variables : ndk_root and cocos_console_root .
description : revert unnecessary changes to platforms during previous device registry pr .
this allows packages such as standard - minifier - js to generate statistics per minifier , which is useful to analyze how often the fallback is needed .
use postcss - selector - parser class escape handling
fix : no slashes for external links
not sure about the missing entries in api reference .
fixes off - by - 1px between checkbox and form label ( all browsers )
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
unexpected ' to_datetime ' behaviour for datetime strings with different offset in ' arg ' , when errors = ' coerce '
[ sliderunstyled ] update components & componentsprops
restoring possibility of conditionally switching off the prefetch
< < increase the version number in the header if appropriate .
i 've have added seperate collection index to be able to allow for the string indexability of the new collections .
adding new options for nodemailer - mailgun - transport 1.4
respect mut in & mut str in astconv
librustc : do n't ice on packed structs in statics .
removes the blocking flag from serve.init ( ) , replacing it with a time - based timeout defined in ray.serve.constants .
as per title , this pr attempts to improve react 's textnode update / patch performance by accessing the firstchild.nodevalue .
fixed typo : managedtexurelist - > managedtexturelist
add new algorithm in c for child process creation in linux operating system
added overloads for ' map ' on tuple types .
when sending , re-enable interrupts at the beginning of stop bits , instead of after stop bits .
tst : add test cases for sparsearray
fix ( generator ) : improved solution to ' generate container ' produces unnecessary return # 1327
fix : do n't filter files by basename
start of -- pager support .
better wording for the incremental loop costs
drag gesture recognizer now accepts all pointers when any pointer is accepted .
upgrade react - datepicker to v4 and popper v2
[ buildsys / make ] - remove main.a from the list of directory_archives for preventing duplicate linkage when compiling unit tests
website snippets general / things regarding the repository ( like ci integration ) tests types of changes bug fix ( non-breaking change which fixes an issue ) enhancement ( non-breaking improvement of a snippet ) new feature ( non-breaking change which adds functionality ) breaking change ( fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to change ) checklist : my code follows the code style of this project .
use embeddedkafkacluster as classrule in 2.8
insert instead of update for the benchmark status for file logger .
add cloudabi to the list of supported targets in compiletest .
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
fix : improve header layout and use layout on image example page
inline keyescapeutils into children and move the file into stack
update the kubelet to ignore syncing pods until the container runtime is up .
sort parents , children , siblings in stats
updated active storage overview guide by sanitizing direct upload file name
ci : run all invasive tests on windows
considering headers of zipkin and skywalking are n't shared / interoperable , their two will not propagate context for each other .
removed custom naming for distinct count
remap caps lock to be escape
do_schedule ( ) method in the parent process to mock dagbag objects in the child process .
what this pr does / why we need it : before we had the hyperkube base image , it was difficult to build the hyperkube with bazel .
changes in this pull request : fixes to scoped_exit .
fix a minor bug in navigation - controller where a string is used as an object
avoid logging an object on compilation errors
fix broken links in cleos system buyram cmd : doc
link to 1.x documentation in notes
description : the states opening and closing was inverted for homekit covers which is fixed with this change .
configure segment with write key & integration management
fixed tabulator.emptycallback reference in tabulator - tables - tests
wrap popupmenu with safearea to respect status bar
upgrade gradle - wrapper ( and gradle ) to the latest version .
no response issues bot will search for issues with label stat : need more info without new comments or updates in the last 10 days for issues matching the criteria the bot will add the label stat : no response and will add a comment to explain that the issue is now marked as stale .
add frozensource and frozenmodule to freeze_modules.py .
handle iob format from mm connect
disable sentry in development and add auth for sourcemap upload
fix : add multi and tokey methods
which calculates pi using nilakanthas infinite series
fix select_with_case_expression & enable db rule type
use a subset of california housing dataset for test_boston and use diabetes dataset for all remaining tests .
docs : cleanup unnecessary parts in build - instructions - linux.md
this change introduces a bottomsheettheme that allows you to theme color , elevation , and shape of bottomsheet .
do n't use loader import at top level in next / document
further , the serial echo behavior for turning the case light on with case_light_no_brightness defined is echo : case light : <brightness> which does n't make semantic sense for the setting since the brightness value ( pnnn ) is ignored .
tst : add tests for pandas.core.dtypes.common
fixed lack of added and special tokens
change this change creates an isource implementation for sqliteindex that provides the interface glue around new functionality to perform a search and query specific data from an index .
check that ptr is valid already when doing deref , not only when doing the access
add a new addon database feature which can be used by addons to persist data with the storybook .
i implemented some h2o : : request methods .
add unit test for dswp with uncertain volume
:-) please makes sure these boxes are checked before submitting your pr , thank you !
refactor : use weakref instead of v8util.createidweakmap in remote
[ native filter ] options for value filter should refresh when dashboard refresh but currently only when page refresh
fixes the slave encoder state syncing to reduce dropped pulses .
removed groupby modules from mypy blacklist
mnt adds lint skipping to azure ci
added edit & delete commands to data source cli
fixing vector and lemma attributes after retokenizer.split
sema : allow omitting generic parameters when accessing member type with a fully - constrained ' where ' clause
rosetta code : cut a rectangle - svg image impacted by svg in navbar
check git enablesmartcommit if no staged files
4 new pictures for coordination_cn .
move dependency - related utils out of package , only consumed in bootstrap
removing the search bar icon when in search mode .
allow lcd_bed_leveling to be used with the automatic abl options so that fade , probe z offset , etc.
initialization : set fallback locale as environment variable
added codable conformance for range , closedrange , partialrangeupto , partialrangethrough and partialrangefrom
value witness table for builtin.nativeobject , defined in the
add arabic version of the readme file
docs changes : envoyproxy / data - plane - api # 492 release notes : 100 - continue support already docced .
add sql.simple to sharding config .
fix ( ui ) : use gray300 for requestinterface 's icon
factoring out explicitshape ( ) shape function .
since error boundaries are " atomic " in fiber , and errors in " did " lifecycles and " willunmount " only surface after committing , we can end up in a situation where two independent boundaries should receive two independent errors from several components with broken lifecycle hooks .
addresses # 20308 this pr ensures histgradientboostingclassifier is compatible with numpydoc .
fix # 85462 by adding a marker flag
fix ios_user issues ( # 44904 )
editor output folder : modules \ keyboardmanager \ keyboardmanagereditor keyboardmanagereditorlibrary and keyboardmanagerenginelibrary output folder : modules \ keyboardmanager what is include in the pr : rebuild projects and verify that files are in place .
this pr fixes the path of the secret key value in the deployment .
chore ( gatsby - transformer - remark ) : refactor async logic to allow serial mode
fix chris ' bug and cleanup
add parameters to module vmware_guest for conversion of disk to thin or thick when vm is cloned or deployed with template
reland " make filteringtextinputformatter 's filtering selection / composing region agnostic "
most important is the aml fix for the mode strings , that they changed in latest sdk ( top - left corner thumb effect ) @holzhaus can provide more info on the libamcodec.so patch .
elasticsearch/plugins/repository-s3/src/main/java/org/elasticsearch/repositories/s3/internalawss3service.java line 75 918827 c public amazons3reference client ( string clientname ) { ) in a lazy instance .
the longer - term goal is to autodetect the resume partition .
add a note about custom cuda paths in windows guide , like in linux one .
cast list and bool options to str
the new pass just focuses on wasm2js 's output format .
[ textfield ] handle chrome autofill
some small improvements to texteditor .
retain the horizontal viewport offset in the virtual viewport .
ability to customize webview2 version needed in order to add access to the winui webview2 control .
this prevents failing to write to these clusters from failing the entire write operation .
doc : redistribute docstring - only content from numpy / doc
this pr adds example code for fsner ( few - shot named entity recognition ) using huggingface 's transformers library .
description : add ' priority ' attribute to set the priority of the hyperion remote instance .
sync latest parse - git - config api changes
esline : add oimo in globals
enable dynamic kubelet configuration for node e2e jenkins serial tests
added default user - agent to the simple http client if not provided .
feat ( angular ) : add styles and stylepreprocessoroptions to add dedicated styles config
fix infine non joined block stream in merge join
this pull request moves the logic from os : : make_absolute ( ) into the path module and fixes path joining for windows .
create step 1 database ui connection flow to allow users to pick the type of engine before entering credentials add on to # 14881 includes db migration ( follow approval process in sip - 59 )
improve " is file " check for littlefs support
enh : bump stapler to stable version
description : use the sni value as the upstream cluster name .
ca n't reduce num_workers for local node provider
docapi - 5203 : direct i / o settings for mergetree descriptions .
adding my keymap primarily to iris
gltfloader : deduplicate node / mesh names and flatten single - mesh nodes .
feat ( rllib / apex ) : prevent worker side prioritization without per
add tablecontainedrule
this pr is trying to fix compilation problems in gpu code with msvc 2015 , in issue # 439 .
this is the proper fix / improvement for # 7573 by supporting minimum / step / maximum not only in spinners but also in lists .
removed trival warnings from the files
prior modifications to the chart ( in order to enforce mongo oplog for version 1 .
adds rules to recommended config .
it contains changes like after calling a local command git cherry - pick .
- allow extruder_runout_prevent to work with all extruders
fixes a part of # 9325 fixes docstring parameters test for cross_decomposition and discriminant_analysis the issue is not closed , other packages still need to be checked .
update package version from 1.3 to 1.5.1 in header
addresses # 4009 added : patch for moto sns create platform endpoint refactored api logic to use snsbackend class to keep track of state instead of global variables .
use gcc in build.sh for psutil
fix a bug that index url is not correctly saved in pipfile
add documentation for the volatile_read and volatile_write intrinsics
do not cache dictionary for dictget * / dicthas *
improve git helper scripts and provide a readme.md fix spelling , formatting , and reduce size of some config comments
add int64 bounds support for tf.image.pad_to_bounding_box
add sections describing default and custom file names in file pipelines
change adds the packagefamilyname and productcode values to parsing by the manifest .
spotinst - adding variables documentation in the user guide
gatsby - source - drupal : use basic auth credentials also when fetching remote files .
resolve # 6163 conflicts adding suggested changes .
re-combed the arb file and categorized the global source in the interface
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes :
remove the devtools extensions file when the loaded extensions array is empty instead of writing an empty array to the file .
the good thing is all native modules are now update - to - date , and we no longer need to worry the build would break when we update a module or package to a later version .
check that custom attributes are disallowed on statements and expressions
update glob - stream to 3.1.0 .
add and document cli options for batch size , max doc length , min doc length for spacy pretrain .
scale the retro terminal effects ( # 3468 ) scan lines with the screen 's dpi .
revert " fix failing test to use kill instead of stop "
optimize inplace logic and fix bugs when run kernel that has args of vector <densetensor>
the methods constantize and safe_constantize of activesupport : : dependencies are private .
build : robustify verify - mksnapshot w.r.t.
fix strict null checking in chrome
removed reference to button color and gradient
change abitest project to googletest executable
do nt emit declaration map when emitting dts files for force emit for signature
fix not firing key events on singlevaluechange inputs
added filter search to documentation page
currently all uncaught exceptions of the requests library that is used in winrm will lead to an " unexpected failure during module execution " .
extract build variables for bitbucket pipeline
fix history package 's overload signatures to support indeterminate location type
check prs with ci method without building firmware files the pull request is done against the latest dev branch only one feature / fix was added per pr .
fix ( parse / object ) : attributes in constructor should be optional
engage and disengage without issue and never loose steering .
makes text of the imgur upload selectable
a pr for the only remaining ipv6 rule using state rather than conntrack , improves consistency of the rules .
this pr will add a new utm info module which allows the management of network interface address entries of the sophos utm .
allow nozzle clean to be called with limited axis .
check out the rcharts lecture now .
as per issue # 184 this adds some short descriptions ( following the established style ) to some of the patterns of the class .
make the room name clickable and open room info
add " - webkit - overflow - scrolling : touch " to book css for the page wrapper .
fix bug in apiserver service cluster cidr split
cherry - pick # 31196 onto 5.3 branch .
bump dependency highlight.js of types / markdown - it from 9.7.0 to 10.4.1
fix possible crashes which could be caused by the eventdispatcher having listeners associated with nodes are destroyed .
introduces new progressiverendering utility and uses it to display / asynchpeople incrementally .
ported c++ parse function generator to new enum names .
this pr adds the detailed view for plugins in the new integration directory .
this pr adds an optional parameter callback to the configuration of the highlight plugin .
add bfs to binary tree - fixes # 2733
my third attempt at a fix for iso layouts in the configurator , last issue was caused by an unexpected key i left in the keymap .
pywithin regression / to test true for spanish num - like tokens .
transports : use git_eauth for authentication failures
java api to get the size of specified input list of operations
fix parameteraddresses error in custom - functions - runtime / index.d.ts
use uint8_t encoding for symbol arrays , and rely on asserts rather than raii to avoid leaks .
add next.config.js file for static routes
backout previous pr , correct parsed_pin_index function
enh : users decorator to handle retries
add freebsd to the list of platforms with phreads
add subscriptionitem property and fix bugs
support dynamic resources in raycall .
doc : methods for option : : option
add tokenize as valid payment intent
this adds title case to the tutorial sidebar menu .
this webglrenderer webgl2 .0 initial support pr is acceptable .
updated the skip tests in the ' cupertino ' package .
add new setting to show / hide agent infornation on livechat widget .
[ @ember / utils ] move types from ember .
[ semantic - sil ] improve output for filecheck tests for ownership verifier by printing out the function name first .
revert " revert " roll foward " strip python wheel binary " " "
moved ols regression implementation from numerical methods to machine learning folder .
fix grammar check for empty type argument list and compiler crash
[ modal ] make the modal style more naked
change from string null to nil
more explicit warning in the ensemble documentation
add privilege to the starting of http client
d3.min & d3.max : pass index and array to accessor .
add test for retry = and msgs in heartbeat
revert " revert " textfield constrained layout bug ( # 65966 ) " ( # 66027 ) "
new features apis add support for double grad computation in reduce sum op .
minor fixes to provisioning script : moved invoke - vcvarsall to osquery_utils .
separated adding tasks to queue and executing them ( worker side )
[ cs ] nfc : remove overloadchoicekind : : basetype
hi oleksii , i 've created a folder for ml in algorithms and added knn to it .
implement callbacks to collect worker stats in node manager .
all system examples now use the sx prop in the examples instead of the deprecated box props .
goaway when the overload action for disabling connection keepalive
speed up retrieval of library info when browsing by file
desktop plugins with a pure dart implementation should generate a plugin class in the generated registrant .
add iterabledataset support in multiprocess dataloader .
ports propagating query execution errors from celery tasks properly
added missing $ filter overload that allows multiple strings to translate and returns an object
decouple pipeline reductions from final reduction
include " subscribe to releases on libraries.io " in docs
added a history uuid to engine / translog infra
remove py2 compatibility code from fasthttp
for x & & typeof x === ' object ' , narrow x to just type object
spillback from dispatch queue and refactor
[ cssimplify ] difavor function type overload when trying to match no arg function type with a closure with a anonimous implicit var closure
fix error message for both latest and 4 node versions
add tslint dependency to fork - ts - checker - webpack - plugin package.json
d3 : allow null comparator for pie.sort
regression to 0.22 and add zipfile support
adding a new build option with nccl ) code is well - documented : for user - facing api changes , api doc string has been updated .
this pr fixes this edge case by fallback to the default color scheme if the value in storage is not a supported color scheme .
this pr fixes those boundary tests .
kernel / ne2000 : harvest entropy from ne2000 interrupts
fix # 7161 org.apache.dubbo.config.sslconfig #getserverkeycertchainpathstream each call will create a new stream , should be closed after use .
[ semantic - arc ] implement ownershipmodeleliminator support for copy_value , destroy_value .
docs : migrate basic transfer lsit demo to emotion
load_certificate_request ( ) to load csrs with both backends .
ilm : add support for rolling over data streams ( # 57295 )
this pr introduces several enhancements to the native filters form and some new functionalities : it shows [ untitled ] on the left pane when no name is entered .
this pr fixes the issue where collapsing the side bar in demo mode shifted the demo header instead of leaving it in place .
update ondeviceui / addons to use emotion
fix ( gatsby ) : ensure that ensureresources ensures resources
processors support for storagedistributed reading .
add sleep callbacks in asyncify , and use them for sdl audio .
added a new extractor for the unity platform [ this site provides a number of free video tutorials for unity , a popular content creator for 3d games and apps .
align redis chart documentation / readme to actual defaults .
permit 32 - bit gcc compilation
the showdialog function takes a context parameter .
added riot and svelte to the list of supported frameworks and added the a11y addon to all of the framework examples .
provide type of key and value of key in std : : out_of_range exception adds an additional requirement that key is streamable
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
api : infer freq in fewer arithmetic ops
better error handling in sslcontext and crypto .
fix bug with forced display of sign on negative integers
apply posttask change to other balloon events
ci : cleanup user app data directories on woa
add utf8 with bom to test
add markdown to json converter in python3
fix email 's form field according to code
revert " revert " fix the first frame logic in tracing and driver ( # 35297 ) " ( # 37027 ) "
this is just a draft to add gcs feed export .
use linux vm for wp int tests
loader : add recognition for kip file type
check entire access path is constant when narrowing by inlining
fix infer from usage property assignment
when updating sprite with different region of the same texture , region of existing particles is not updated .
add following awesome python packages : python - stop - words : get list of common stop words in various languages in python .
remove debugtracing mode from new reconciler ( temporarily )
initial work on overload resolution with tagged templates .
[ gui ] introduce a dialog modality type to differ between modalities
rename base_name = > basename for consistency
i made the little changes in the header of generate_opcode_h.py .
fix opaque blit with imported render targets
fix py2 - psycopg2 right after upgrade
[ pisink ] fix multichannel and passthough
adding complete code implementation of hexagonal architectute example
core : do n't implicit open missing socket fds on daemon reload
this replaces the searchcontext passed to the ctor of aggregations with aggregationcontext .
it cause buffer overflow in _ py_string_to_number_with_underscores ( ) .
embeds the livestream video for part 1 .
support gradcheck on empty inputs , check it for cat with an empty variable .
win : add setthumbnailclip window api
source code for hexagonal architecture article .
[ doc ] complete outline of docs in gui system
recognize asar archive with unpacked files
this pr moves some modules containing internal apis to ray._private in an attempt to mitigate this issue .
remove useless fixture of sharding spring boot test
dataframe.describe excludes top and freq for empty dataframe
replace gitter with spectrum ( # 2483 )
provide a url to documentation or source code which provides context for the suggested changes : pinojs / pino # 588
this pr adds support for defining the textcolor of buttons when the button is in the hovered , focused , or pressed states .
added bson binary definition and a couple of indexing overloads of mongodb .
this commit moves the niotransport from : test : framework to a new nio - transport plugin .
fix missing versionadded / versionchanged for version 0.23 , and also fix doc formatting .
in jungle testnet , libs were not advancing in a mixed of rel .
extract and simplify getreexportstatement in harmonyexportimportedspecifierdependencytemplate
add or edit tests to reflect the change .
this pr removes friend status from client - side api and replaces it with two new functions : / * checks friend 's connecting status .
a massive set of updates to office.js , accumulating changes from the past ~ 6 months for excel , word , and onenote addition of the excelapi 1.7 api set , which adds some 400 + apis codegen updates to word and onenote apis ( e.g. , new codegen - ed interfaces for .
secrets management file of elasticsearch username and password the value of secretsmanagementfile should point to the secrets management file absolute path .
re-add clear script button and context menu from ce5200b30e6d262905912c6571d51ba6f5979bd7
fix ( command - publish ) : crash on publish w / o commits
extmod / modbtree : make filevtable const to put it in rom .
plasma : : seal was not synchronous in the previous version of arrow .
round trippable read / write with errors
set mixer volume on media control change
n_estimators : add validation with check_scalar
add switch for static and dynamic saml configurations
fixes : # 5971 by re adding the code generation command back in .
test plan run some specs in the dedicated spec window and then close it .
upstream at autoconf - archive .
revert " fork button disabled on view query page for non-admin users ( # 4927 ) "
move the depth guard to the internal flatten
reset configs after reload_logging test is complete .
description : this pr bumps the version of the zha quirks lib .
add ' normalized ' bool and accessor to bufferattribute array in interleavedbufferattribute
add a new context menu component
fix metrics test to agree with the new logical view api
add get_addr ( ) to retrieve the pointer of an snode .
fixed typos and reordered properties to reflect parameter order
refactor : make checkssl unit - testable and add unit tests for it .
this change adds the after_key of a composite aggregation directly in the response .
some modules have more than one component , which is not recommended for maintenance .
preconditions should retry internally on stale watch data instead of surfacing an error .
the custom layout zone number is limited with 40 zones as like as a template .
bug fixes ops removed unreasonable code , and fixed an input uninitialized problem .
get rid of singleton & weird atomic init guards
i spent a lot of time to get my jtag debugger to work with arduino and marlin in order to have a real dev environment for my planned multi extruder changes .
eliminate well - known symbols in the checker : 2021 edition
document lexical attribute setting during retokenization
support manually clearing the conpty buffer
allow wasm - only with emulated function pointers , except in shared modules
i added the new recipes for pages and layouts to get this docs train moving !
edits and updates to implementing rel component docs
bug : continuedecoding calls the wrong filter for decodedata ( ) calls
throw error if method is head and sending a body
remove duplicate syntax tests for functions taking internal struct types
pixelpaint : add tooltip to guidetool to show current offset
fixes several cases causing cordova plugins reinstall on every build :
compilation fix for iphone / android regarding opengl and gl usage
description : changes a few coding cases to make import cleaner .
bump kebab - hash to 0.1.2 .
short description ( up to few sentences ) : when determining shards of a " distributed " table to be covered by a read query ( for optimize_skip_unused_shards = 1 ) clickhouse now checks conditions from both prewhere and where clauses of select statement
fix the cli to account for this .
update node.js to v4 .8.1 .
refactor test : handle multiindex dropping nan ( # 35889 )
basic / macros : add strlen ( ) to get length of string literal as constant expression
evmhost : enable support for berlin
refactor types floatcpu and doublecpu into a new type cpudevice <t>
update spread tests for booleans in spread types
i created maze search problem using bfs .
collect import error messages and display them
chore : remove gatsby tag from blog posts
update scripts under tools / to use $ map.increment and documentation examples .
glsl transformer fails to find nested vendor dependencies ( works in v1 , fails in v2 )
specifies front - end validation in regards to form validation
bootstrap : do n't mandate cmake and ninja when the llvm backend is disabled
merged linux / osx interfaces implementation
fix missing activation in conv bn leakyrelu copyattr
description : adds reset reason to logs for debug purpose and to the body as well .
splitting fast and slow tokenizers [ wip ]
fixes # 111 the modulo operator on this calculator gives the result that is different to the most used calculators .
change to renamed dependency pyps4 - 2ndscreen 0.9.0
revert to more useful debug info
stabilize tcpstream_connect_timeout ( closes # 43079 )
deleting directory make gatsby crash .
update surefire to 2.19 and checkstyle to
fix inconsistency of the last element in hidden_states between pytorch / flax gpt2 ( neo ) ( # 13102 )
rs : fix iterbytes instances for pairs , triples to not cause ice when used
fix typeonlyexport codefix to work with 3 or more type exports in the same declaration
-- preload - file / -- embed - file add some pre-js code to load the file .
this adds host grouping based on " service " and " stack " to the docker.py inventory script .
[ test ] fix ttp tests failing on windows
summary master : installation of mkl and mkl - services : 10.10 s installation of pil / pillow : 11s installation of pydot graphvis : 21s total : 43s proposed : grouped installation of mkl , mkl - services pil / pillow pydot graphvis : 24.8 s.
this pr adds min , max and clamp as css functions to data types .
this will add support for google voice sms .
this changes add documentation for accessing datetimes in painless scripts from the three most common inputs of params , _ source , and doc .
add try catch and logging for failed to load resources file
allow user to disconnect a connection on server side and passing websocket close status code ( 1000 or 4000 - 4999 and close reason .
[ ios ] add iphones 11 to the list of known devices
fix lb and service leak in federated clusters in e2e tests
link fix , switching contentroot to webroot
decode the parent expansion for traits and enums in rustc_resolve , this was already being used for resolution in typeck avoid suggesting importing names with def - site hygiene , since it 's often not useful add more tests r ?
break command and args in description by newline
add missing each ( ) method for layers
refactor ( querycontext ) : move df method utils to utils module
add trailing new line at the end of output
in allocate , file opencv/modules/python/src2/cv2.cpp , line 163 traceback ( most recent call last ) : file " test.py " , line 21 , in <module> matches = flann.knnmatch ( des1 , des2 , k = 2 ) cv2.error : opencv / modules / python / src2 / cv2.cpp : 163 : error : ( - 215 ) the data should normally be null !
solution i separate setting length from sorting .
fix koa - websocket to match with its implementation
feat : adding hmsetbuffer and hmgetbuffer to ioredis.redis contract
add the itemstyle to legend symbol .
add new parameters to ovirt_vms module to support high performance vm : ovirt_vms ansible version 2.4.2
nullpointer exception if sync content is empty
when using another backend , do n't do the munging ahead of time
python.d.plugin : " default_run " option for python.d.conf added
appimage and windows portable zip archive to github release .
grpc port modified ; change notify bugfix .
documenting numbers table function , verticalraw format , http sessions , http compression .
update vitfeatureextractor to use image_utils instead of torchvision
groupby observed = true not working for aggregating a column
adding discussions links for faq - general as per 1785 updates to existing questions section i re-arranged the orders of few titles like do nt use redux to appear together omitted this discussion @markerikson please review
- add skeleton code for yum_invalid_operation.py
simplify node unhandledrejection - handling code
when using ss through another socks5 proxy , the prev version still resolves ss server 's domain name locally .
pretty printer does n't preserve built - in trait bounds on trait objects
make default layer keycodes more optimized
implement text editor feature - surge
trimunreferencedreaders : sync before write lock
add atom.d.ts from atom - typescript project
revert " fixed importer duplicate detection for posts "
add ignorecase option for createredirect and support it in client side navigation
maintain undo stack across text model disposal / creation
used the getter instead - minor mistake
ignore resolutions when installed in flat mode
remove useless configure for bindings - generator of lua
[ runtime ] only request abstract metadata when demangling to metadata .
used to report td - 1523 , now able to display taos memory leak issues with python script .
first changes to nano aspnetcore tutorial
types for react - tag - autocomplete pkg
this change integrates deno_ast and lazily caches / reuses swc ast in the language server .
[ doc ] fix some typos
debug : do not render checkmark in view menu for the debug console
description : this pr makes the following enhancements to the prometheus component : all metrics gain an additional domain label .
fix examples to make session variable homogeneous across all modules
fix word typo and rm usless import statement
note the relationship between binary and xentropy in the docs and provide an example that compares them
reject deallocation of read - only allocations
contribution to fix part of # 15440 ensuring logisticregression methods pass numpy doc validation
this pr improves the error messages shown when the return / instance type of the function / class used as a jsx component is not assignable to jsx.element or jsx.elementclass .
fix : share same osr implementation on macos
cache results from queries that use scripts if they use only deterministic api calls .
add shift + enter for query execution
split integer array tests in tests / arrays / integer and tests / extension / integer
update 2 ( create config.md )
related to # 19939 build on the top of # 19939 add the couple of equation for gaussianprocessregression and a link to the book .
add failing spec for missing remote properties
fix : ca n't build tflite after running download_dependencies .
prevent restart of dispatcher w / o fault - tolerance
fix # 4181 , invalid link in readme for maskrcnn cityscapes
add notarization to the build process
added external and internal grpc port as options .
add two short learning tests for ppo w / use_lstm = true .
fixed spelling in deprecationwarning for class dpgmm and
enh more explicit name for auc + consistency for scorer , fix # 2096
short description ( up to few sentences ) : forbid to specify a database when creating a temporary table .
this is the last pr in the cable testing series ( at least for now ) : added channel_test generator added connection_test to app generator ( unless -- skip - action - cable ) added " action cable testing " guides to " testing " guides added " action cable testing " as a highlight to 6.0 release notes ( finally ) added changelog entry .
enh support precomputed neighbors where query !
edward is a library for probabilistic programming with a few thousand active users .
packaging : bump go.d version to v0 .24.0
geo : make shapebuilders implement writable
smartplaylists : cosmetics in sql queries
this pr changes the existing base64_cipher.py with an easy to understand script that explains how the base64 algorithm works under the hood .
